['I\'m pleasantly surprised by this tenor ukulele.  I got the Flame Maple and it\'s prettier in person, maybe more yellow than orange.  It appears very well constructed with classic Fender Telecaster design although the head stock is more like a Les Paul.  I\'m a guitarist who was drafted into a uke group and they lent me a baritone uke.  The baritone\'s strings are the same tuning as the 4 highest pitch strings of the guitar, DGBE, so the learning curve wasn\'t an issue but when I had to return the loaner I ordered "Mabel".  Yes, I named it Mabel because it sounds like maple. This is a tenor and the strings are strung a 4th higher than the baritone so I had to use different fingerings for the chords e.g. when I see a G, the tenor requires a shape like a D on guitar or bari uke.  So, a bit of frustration and lots of updating my song sheets so I could view the new patterns per song rather than have to jump to a massive tenor uke chord chart, which is I also use.  Now I\'m deep into it, including doing some basic jazz II-VII-I stuff.  I mostly play it unamplified to keep the peace in the home and really, I enjoy that almost as much as amplified. It came strung as re-entrant, i.e. the 4th string, G, is an octave higher than you would expect then the other strings are "normal".  I played it this way for a while then switched out the factory strings for a set of D\'Addario EHR310 Half Round Electric Guitar Strings, Regular Light, 10-46.  Of course I only needed strings 1 through 4.', "When I was a child our family bought the first WaterPik that came onto the market. The whole family used it for many years. The area where the water came out was small and the spray could be directed easily. It did not make a mess. It was fantastic for cleaning my teeth, which had braces.  Now that my son has some orthodontia, the dentist suggested using a WaterPik.  This thing is unbelievable. The spray comes out so fast and the spray is so wide, that it makes a huge mess. Even I, a coordinated adult, have a hard time using this without spraying down the bathroom walls, mirror, and countertop. This is a mess. I am worried the wallpaper will be ruined and will begin peeling off.  Tip: Put the device in the mouth, then turn it on. Try to use it with your mouth closed or nearly closed and shut it off before you remove it from your mouth.  After reading other customer reviews, to prevent possible leakage, we take the unit apart and dump out the water after each usage.  Do your research regarding other models available as well as this one. The customer reviews here on Amazon are eye-opening.  I wish they made the WaterPik like the original ones that lasted for many years and were easier to manage.  Update: One child has been using this for 16 months and it is still functional.  Note on my star rating: For effectiveness for the job I'd rate it 5 = I Love It but for the mess I rate it a 1 = I Hate It which averages out to 3 star rating = It's okay.", "I bought this based largely on the features and the reviews on Amazon. The hand held WP-450 model has a 2-year warranty, but I've never had the batteries last for two years. Some don't make it to 18 months. The one I bought a year ago now only lasts for about 4 or 5 sessions before the charge dies. I recharge them for over 24 yours when they get week, which is what Waterpik recommends. So I have two so I can use one while the other one charges. Got tired of all this and got this plug in model and I wish I had done this several years ago. Being tethered to the hose is not a problem at all, the hand unit is much lighter and more maneuverable than the battery model, lighter too. I use this on #7 setting on the dial and it is just about the same as my old 450 units with a fresh charge. The highest setting is really powerful! Control easy to use, uses the same tips as my old units. I floss first, lightly brush with a tooth brush, then use a Sonicare. After this routing my hygienist still found food under my gums during a routing cleaning! That is when I added the Waterpik to my routine and they never found food after that again. Amazing to see what flossing and brushing with a Sonicare leaves behind. I am 67 and my gums have receded, so I need the extra flushing power of a water flosser. Dental floss does not get down between the gum and base of the tooth. I recommend this for anyone who is either starting out with your first water flosser or using a rechargable unit that you don't want to replace every 18 months because the battery is failing. Extra tips store in the lid to the tank. Tank easy to remove for cleaning. Can even be washed in the dishwasher if you remove the rubber valve/plug unit. I love the design, tube coils up and stores in the side of the unit with the handle slipping in a holder, all tucked out of the way. My teeth feel super clean even 12  hours after using this wonderful machine. Well made with quality materials.", "Amazing Soaps/Love these Soaps and the Company whom makes them! All are amazing. Here is a Wonderful list to help everyone choose there favorite Scents! Like helping other's. Pre de Provence Pure Vegetable Oil Soap - 8.8 oz. bar  With luscious scents and rich lather, these soaps are a customer favorite. Hard-milled to be long-lasting, with Shea Butter and Pure Vegetable Oils to moisturize your skin. Delicately scented and made with all natural ingredients. Individually wrapped bars.  Agrumes (Citrus Fruits) Light citrus blend of grapefruit, citron, and orange. *Angel's Trumpet Sunny, floral fragrance. Exfoliating. Apple Pear Summer day in the orchard; fresh and fruity. Coconut Luscious... The fragrance of the islands. Green Tea Exotic, sensuous, and tangy. *Honey Almond Honey and Almond blended into the warm, sweet smell of Provence. Exfoliating. Jasmin Exotic & floral. *Juicy Pomegranate Fresh, juicy sweet. Exfoliating. *Lavender Lavender, the best alternative to a trip to the south of France! Aromatic & woody. Exfoliating. *Lemongrass Tangy, citrusy, and invigorating. Exfoliating. *Lime Zest Earthy, citrusy zeal of the lime. Provides the well being of cheer and revitalization. Exfoliating. Linden Sweet essence of a summer day in Provence. Fresh & clean. Milk Clean, sweet, and pleasing. *Mint Leaf Invigorating, refreshing, and restorative. Exfoliating. Mirabelle Juicy, green floral Moondance Bright, green, floral Olive Oil Mild scent, highly moisturizing & non-allergenic. The very best for dry or sensitive skin.  Also good as a baby soap, shaving soap, laundry soap, or kitchen soap. Peony Subtle, sensual, powdery, and romantic. Pineapple Scrumptious... Sweet and fruity. Raspberry Juicy, sunny *Rose Petal French rose garden in summer. Exfoliating. *Rosemary Mint Fresh, herbaceous *Sage Herbal, fresh, and exhilarating. Exfoliating. Starflower Sparkling, fruity, floral *Tiare Tropical, creamy floral. Exfoliating. Verbena Sparkling citrus to excite the senses. Violette Sugared violets *White Gardenia A beautiful shrub with fragrant white flowers that create a sweet, silky floral. Exfoliating.  * Asterisks in the list above indicate soaps with exfoliating visible bits of lavender blossoms, rose petals, apricot rind, lemongrass, sage and mint leaves. Along with the richness of shea butter, these botanicals help to exfoliate dead skin cells leaving skin renewed and soft.", "When I was a child our family bought the first WaterPik that came onto the market. The whole family used it for many years. The area where the water came out was small and the spray could be directed easily. It did not make a mess. It was fantastic for cleaning my teeth, which had braces.  Now that my son has some orthodontia, the dentist suggested using a WaterPik.  This thing is unbelievable. The spray comes out so fast and the spray is so wide, that it makes a huge mess. Even I, a coordinated adult, have a hard time using this without spraying down the bathroom walls, mirror, and countertop. This is a mess. I am worried the wallpaper will be ruined and will begin peeling off.  Tip: Put the device in the mouth, then turn it on. Try to use it with your mouth closed or nearly closed and shut it off before you remove it from your mouth.  After reading other customer reviews, to prevent possible leakage, we take the unit apart and dump out the water after each usage.  Do your research regarding other models available as well as this one. The customer reviews here on Amazon are eye-opening.  I wish they made the WaterPik like the original ones that lasted for many years and were easier to manage.  Update: One child has been using this for 16 months and it is still functional.  Note on my star rating: For effectiveness for the job I'd rate it 5 = I Love It but for the mess I rate it a 1 = I Hate It which averages out to 3 star rating = It's okay.", "I've always prided myself on my good teeth. I thought that flossing and brushing was enough...that was until I went to the dentist, and he said I had the beginnings of periodontal disease. That scared the hell out of me.  I went home and started using the Sonicare I had bought but never plugged in. That was good, but not enough - I bought a Waterpik because obviously flossing wasn't cutting it.  I had never used a Waterpik before, and it was some revelation! I'm still amazed that there are some Waterpik oldtimers who say this machine isn't strong enough...uh, for what? Peeling paint off a brick wall? This thing absolutely knocked my socks off when it came to the PRESSURE.  I started out at 2 and worked my way up to 7 - it still stings like mad, but I'm getting used to it by now. I put Listerine in the tank to increase the anti-bacteria result.  My dentist went on vacation, and I had to cancel another appointment, so it happened that almost two months had elapsed since the last time I had seen him. In that time, I faithfully brushed with the Sonicare four times a day and used the Waterpik at least once (several tankfuls of water and Listerine worth.)  Regarding the leaking people talk about - the only time the tank leaks, I notice, is if I put my fingers on the seal when I'm refilling it. If I'm careful to keep my fingers away from that seal, the tank is water tight.  So when I returned for my check-up, the dentist was AMAZED. He wasn't sure what I had done, but he said my gums looked pink and healthy! He had said initially I'd have to get my teeth cleaned every three months because I must be one of those people who gets a tartar build up quicker than other people...well, I had worked religiously on scaling back the plaque. (I had also bought a dental mirror so I could check the back of my front teeth for telltale plaque residue.)  Hmmm, no comment about that plaque...was it because there WASN'T any? My dentist asked me if I had been eating because there was so little build up (I had to tear that out of him because I KNEW he didn't want to give me credit for working that hard on my dental hygiene!)  The dentist HADN'T recommended a Waterpik, but I knew I had to go to the extreme to beat back the periodontal enemy. My teeth are so clean, they squeak!", "Laid in my BATHROOM ON DISH ENTIRE ROOM SMELLS AMAZING.  I LOVE IT!  Bought more! Love these Soaps and the Company whom makes them! All are amazing. Here is a Wonderful list to help everyone choose there favorite Scents! Like helping other's. Pre de Provence Pure Vegetable Oil Soap - 8.8 oz. bar  With luscious scents and rich lather, these soaps are a customer favorite. Hard-milled to be long-lasting, with Shea Butter and Pure Vegetable Oils to moisturize your skin. Delicately scented and made with all natural ingredients. Individually wrapped bars.  Agrumes (Citrus Fruits) Light citrus blend of grapefruit, citron, and orange. *Angel's Trumpet Sunny, floral fragrance. Exfoliating. Apple Pear Summer day in the orchard; fresh and fruity. Coconut Luscious... The fragrance of the islands. Green Tea Exotic, sensuous, and tangy. *Honey Almond Honey and Almond blended into the warm, sweet smell of Provence. Exfoliating. Jasmin Exotic & floral. *Juicy Pomegranate Fresh, juicy sweet. Exfoliating. *Lavender Lavender, the best alternative to a trip to the south of France! Aromatic & woody. Exfoliating. *Lemongrass Tangy, citrusy, and invigorating. Exfoliating. *Lime Zest Earthy, citrusy zeal of the lime. Provides the well being of cheer and revitalization. Exfoliating. Linden Sweet essence of a summer day in Provence. Fresh & clean. Milk Clean, sweet, and pleasing. *Mint Leaf Invigorating, refreshing, and restorative. Exfoliating. Mirabelle Juicy, green floral Moondance Bright, green, floral Olive Oil Mild scent, highly moisturizing & non-allergenic. The very best for dry or sensitive skin.  Also good as a baby soap, shaving soap, laundry soap, or kitchen soap. Peony Subtle, sensual, powdery, and romantic. Pineapple Scrumptious... Sweet and fruity. Raspberry Juicy, sunny *Rose Petal French rose garden in summer. Exfoliating. *Rosemary Mint Fresh, herbaceous *Sage Herbal, fresh, and exhilarating. Exfoliating. Starflower Sparkling, fruity, floral *Tiare Tropical, creamy floral. Exfoliating. Verbena Sparkling citrus to excite the senses. Violette Sugared violets *White Gardenia A beautiful shrub with fragrant white flowers that create a sweet, silky floral. Exfoliating.  * Asterisks in the list above indicate soaps with exfoliating visible bits of lavender blossoms, rose petals, apricot rind, lemongrass, sage and mint leaves. Along with the richness of shea butter, these botanicals help to exfoliate dead skin cells leaving skin renewed and soft.", "This is an outstanding product!  I was a bit hesitant to order it given some of the reviews, but when it was discounted on a Friday Sale, I figured I'd give it a shot. SO glad I did!  To get the most out of the unit you have to read the manual. It clearly states that you should not leave water in the reservoir (why you would want to anyway is beyond me - why would anyone want to use stale water?). If you don't leave water in it, it won't leak out on your counter. Pretty simple equation there.  I agree with several others that the tongue cleaning attachments are basically useless. They don't fit into the holder anyway, so just toss them out. Sure, try it, but I'll bet you'll find it to be basically useless compared with a true tongue cleaner (i.e., a scraper type device).  The water reservoir could be a bit bigger - an additional 20% bigger would be nice. But, it's very easy to fill even when the unit is running (keep a glass of water handy and just pour it in when the water level is at the half-way point). Simple and easy, and the smaller reservoir does have the benefit of keeping the unit size nice and compact.  Sound level is very low compared with past WaterPik units. No, it's not silent, but it is no more noise than you would get with any other electric appliance in the bathroom such as an electric toothbrush or a shaver.  In fact, it is less noise than my shaver.  The auto-retractable hose is a very nice touch and keeps everything neat. Again, a couple inches longer would be nice, but there's the compact size trade-off again.  In actual performance - wow!  You will never believe that your teeth could get this clean! Wonderful feeling. There is a wide range of power adjustments ranging from very gentle to ouch! I've found setting the dial to the 5/6 range gives a good cleaning without any discomfort.  Good performance at a good price -- can't ask for more than that.", "My 12 year old just got braces for the first time and the procedure to floss between his teeth was never going to happen. So the orthodontist recommended getting a Waterpik instead.  After looking at all the models, we choose this one. It holds a lot of water. It has storage in the lid for all the attachments, and it seemed easy to use.  I looked at the ones that were battery powered but I didn't think they would hold enough water and I couldn't see him refilling it to finish. This model has a big range of pressure that changes quickly with the turn of a dial. it does have to be plugged in and the handle is connected by a water tube. This does limit the distance from the unit to the mouth but it is more than enough if you are standing at a vanity.  There is a huge variety of tips but I don't think we will be using more than two or three. I actually wish that there were two or three of the basic tips for multiple family members instead of some of the other fancy tips.  The tips pop on and off easily and there is a 'pause' button on the handle that allow you to shut the water spray off quickly. This way, you can turn it on, position it in your mouth and then start the water spray.  It is not a clean process. It is almost impossible to use this without splashing water at some point.  The bottom line is that it does what it promises and my son has been using it. We'll see how good his teeth are when the braces come off in two years...", "I am a recess aide and on my feet all day long. I tried these shoes on in the store before purchasing them on Amazon. They are very lightweight and comfortable. I was surprised how great they felt. I haven't had a pair of Nikes since Nike shoxs came out. They are so much more lightweight than those. I wore them an entire day the first day and had no problems. The second day; however, I got a pain in my hip to the point where I started limping. As soon as I got home and took them off, the pain was gone the rest of the evening. I'm only 30 by the way. Nothing else in my daily routine changed except wearing these shoes two days in a row. I don't understand why it would make my hip hurt since they are comfortable on my feet, but I'm sure that was the problem. I wore different shoes today and had no pain. I don't think as much as I am on my feet I will be able to wear them an extended amount of time. I will have to rotate wearing them every other day. For normal wear, I believe, people will be fine. I am literally walking or standing six hours a day straight.  **UPDATE: So, initially after wearing them, I had hip pain after wearing them. I don't know if they just needed to be broken in, but I wear them all the time now and have not experienced any pain since the first couple times of wearing them. They are comfortable, and I love them even more now.", "I am a recess aide and on my feet all day long. I tried these shoes on in the store before purchasing them on Amazon. They are very lightweight and comfortable. I was surprised how great they felt. I haven't had a pair of Nikes since Nike shoxs came out. They are so much more lightweight than those. I wore them an entire day the first day and had no problems. The second day; however, I got a pain in my hip to the point where I started limping. As soon as I got home and took them off, the pain was gone the rest of the evening. I'm only 30 by the way. Nothing else in my daily routine changed except wearing these shoes two days in a row. I don't understand why it would make my hip hurt since they are comfortable on my feet, but I'm sure that was the problem. I wore different shoes today and had no pain. I don't think as much as I am on my feet I will be able to wear them an extended amount of time. I will have to rotate wearing them every other day. For normal wear, I believe, people will be fine. I am literally walking or standing six hours a day straight.  **UPDATE: So, initially after wearing them, I had hip pain after wearing them. I don't know if they just needed to be broken in, but I wear them all the time now and have not experienced any pain since the first couple times of wearing them. They are comfortable, and I love them even more now.", "I am a recess aide and on my feet all day long. I tried these shoes on in the store before purchasing them on Amazon. They are very lightweight and comfortable. I was surprised how great they felt. I haven't had a pair of Nikes since Nike shoxs came out. They are so much more lightweight than those. I wore them an entire day the first day and had no problems. The second day; however, I got a pain in my hip to the point where I started limping. As soon as I got home and took them off, the pain was gone the rest of the evening. I'm only 30 by the way. Nothing else in my daily routine changed except wearing these shoes two days in a row. I don't understand why it would make my hip hurt since they are comfortable on my feet, but I'm sure that was the problem. I wore different shoes today and had no pain. I don't think as much as I am on my feet I will be able to wear them an extended amount of time. I will have to rotate wearing them every other day. For normal wear, I believe, people will be fine. I am literally walking or standing six hours a day straight.  **UPDATE: So, initially after wearing them, I had hip pain after wearing them. I don't know if they just needed to be broken in, but I wear them all the time now and have not experienced any pain since the first couple times of wearing them. They are comfortable, and I love them even more now.", "I am a recess aide and on my feet all day long. I tried these shoes on in the store before purchasing them on Amazon. They are very lightweight and comfortable. I was surprised how great they felt. I haven't had a pair of Nikes since Nike shoxs came out. They are so much more lightweight than those. I wore them an entire day the first day and had no problems. The second day; however, I got a pain in my hip to the point where I started limping. As soon as I got home and took them off, the pain was gone the rest of the evening. I'm only 30 by the way. Nothing else in my daily routine changed except wearing these shoes two days in a row. I don't understand why it would make my hip hurt since they are comfortable on my feet, but I'm sure that was the problem. I wore different shoes today and had no pain. I don't think as much as I am on my feet I will be able to wear them an extended amount of time. I will have to rotate wearing them every other day. For normal wear, I believe, people will be fine. I am literally walking or standing six hours a day straight.  **UPDATE: So, initially after wearing them, I had hip pain after wearing them. I don't know if they just needed to be broken in, but I wear them all the time now and have not experienced any pain since the first couple times of wearing them. They are comfortable, and I love them even more now.", "I am a recess aide and on my feet all day long. I tried these shoes on in the store before purchasing them on Amazon. They are very lightweight and comfortable. I was surprised how great they felt. I haven't had a pair of Nikes since Nike shoxs came out. They are so much more lightweight than those. I wore them an entire day the first day and had no problems. The second day; however, I got a pain in my hip to the point where I started limping. As soon as I got home and took them off, the pain was gone the rest of the evening. I'm only 30 by the way. Nothing else in my daily routine changed except wearing these shoes two days in a row. I don't understand why it would make my hip hurt since they are comfortable on my feet, but I'm sure that was the problem. I wore different shoes today and had no pain. I don't think as much as I am on my feet I will be able to wear them an extended amount of time. I will have to rotate wearing them every other day. For normal wear, I believe, people will be fine. I am literally walking or standing six hours a day straight.  **UPDATE: So, initially after wearing them, I had hip pain after wearing them. I don't know if they just needed to be broken in, but I wear them all the time now and have not experienced any pain since the first couple times of wearing them. They are comfortable, and I love them even more now.", "I am a recess aide and on my feet all day long. I tried these shoes on in the store before purchasing them on Amazon. They are very lightweight and comfortable. I was surprised how great they felt. I haven't had a pair of Nikes since Nike shoxs came out. They are so much more lightweight than those. I wore them an entire day the first day and had no problems. The second day; however, I got a pain in my hip to the point where I started limping. As soon as I got home and took them off, the pain was gone the rest of the evening. I'm only 30 by the way. Nothing else in my daily routine changed except wearing these shoes two days in a row. I don't understand why it would make my hip hurt since they are comfortable on my feet, but I'm sure that was the problem. I wore different shoes today and had no pain. I don't think as much as I am on my feet I will be able to wear them an extended amount of time. I will have to rotate wearing them every other day. For normal wear, I believe, people will be fine. I am literally walking or standing six hours a day straight.  **UPDATE: So, initially after wearing them, I had hip pain after wearing them. I don't know if they just needed to be broken in, but I wear them all the time now and have not experienced any pain since the first couple times of wearing them. They are comfortable, and I love them even more now.", "I am a recess aide and on my feet all day long. I tried these shoes on in the store before purchasing them on Amazon. They are very lightweight and comfortable. I was surprised how great they felt. I haven't had a pair of Nikes since Nike shoxs came out. They are so much more lightweight than those. I wore them an entire day the first day and had no problems. The second day; however, I got a pain in my hip to the point where I started limping. As soon as I got home and took them off, the pain was gone the rest of the evening. I'm only 30 by the way. Nothing else in my daily routine changed except wearing these shoes two days in a row. I don't understand why it would make my hip hurt since they are comfortable on my feet, but I'm sure that was the problem. I wore different shoes today and had no pain. I don't think as much as I am on my feet I will be able to wear them an extended amount of time. I will have to rotate wearing them every other day. For normal wear, I believe, people will be fine. I am literally walking or standing six hours a day straight.  **UPDATE: So, initially after wearing them, I had hip pain after wearing them. I don't know if they just needed to be broken in, but I wear them all the time now and have not experienced any pain since the first couple times of wearing them. They are comfortable, and I love them even more now.", "Great product but they need to include more rods in the kit. I had to buy a second set of rods and that still wasn't enough so Ill end up spending $60+ dollars on this kit which isn't terrible if you factor what you would get charged out in town, but still, its plastic rods with a brush attached....thats overpriced for something so simple.  So enough of me complaining about it being overpriced and get to the review. It works GREAT if you aren't an idiot and use common sense when using it.  1.  Always CLOCKWISE..... again always CLOCKWISE, I cant be anymore clear about this. 2.  Use electrical tape or duct tape as a backup in case you screw up on number 1 above. Its a good safety measure so just do it, it only takes a few seconds per rod to wrap in tape. 3.  Feed one rod at a time, taping each one as you go. 4.  Dont force the rods if you get resistance with the drill attached. If you get resistance, remove the drill from the rod and using your hands wiggle/shift the rods until you get past the resistance and then reconnect the drill and continue. Most likely if you reach resistance is likely one of two things. (1) You have a large bend in your duct or (2) you have a lot of blockage. If its number 2, start pulling the rod out (with or without the drill attached (if the drill remains attached, remember to always spin  CLOCKWISE) as youve probably hit a patch of lint clogged heavily in one area. Pulling the rod out will likely pull a large portion of lint youve broken loose out with the rod and brush  attachment so vacuum it up or blow it out if you have a leaf blower and then start again (I didn't disconnect rods during this step but I did take my time to hand feed the rod and brush back in to ensure I didn't damage the rods). 5.  Once youve reached the end of your vent, start pulling your rods out the same way you went in (CLOCKWISE) so that you catch any debris you might have missed on the initial cleaning.  I pushed the brush through 2-3 times in total from different sides of the vent since I was short a few rods and used the leaf blower 4-6 times in between to ensure I was pushing any lint to the exterior of the house (never blow the leaf blower into the house, only blow to the outside of the house unless you want a HUGE mess in your house. 6.  Lastly, Id recommend using a face mask/respirator mask as this stuff is messy and you don't know whats growing in it. I had some cheap carpentry mask but will use a better version next time I clean it as its not fun to breath in.", 'I bought this last October and finally got around to cleaning our 15-foot dryer duct run. It\'s just not the type of thing that\'s at the top of your list... like "Wow, should I go see a movie, or clean our dryer duct?" However, our dryer was drying slower and slower, and I knew it was a task that I needed to tackle, so I read the very long instruction book for this and began my work. The instructions really need to be re-written and simplified. My Sony TV has a smaller instruction manual. But I do appreciate the manufacturer\'s thoroughness. For those of you with short attention spans here\'s my quick start guide:  1. Screw the rods together and use electrical or duct tape to reinforce the joints to keep them from unscrewing during your work. 2. Stick one end of rod in your drill and set the clutch pretty close to the lowest or second lowest setting, then increase power if you need it. 3. Attached brush to other end of rod with supplied key wrench / allen wrench and tighten. 4. Make sure your drill is on clockwise - not reverse - mode or else the rods will unscrew inside your duct and you\'re screwed. 5. Read #4 again. 6. Turn dryer on air mode and then insert the brush in the pipe outside and begin spinning it by activating the drill. Push it in about a foot, then pull it out and watch the lint fly. Then push it in 2 feet and pull it out and watch the lint fly. Then 3 feet... etc. 7. Marvel at how much lint came out. 8. Marvel at how fast your dryer is and come write a review here. 9. Wash the clothes you were wearing when you did this because they are now covered in lint.  Hope this helps. It\'s a quick job and well worth it the trouble!']
["I was first introduced to The Twilight Sad during the spring of 2009 when they were touring with Mono. As a supporting act, I did not have much expectation as to being impressed with what was to come. However, I was pleasantly surprised with what I heard: music and accents all. I was not initially taken by the band, but had the opportunity to shake hands with them and thank them for an excellent set and left the evening experience with The Twilight Sad at that. Only upon hearing praise upon praise for this newest effort--especially from other bands and artists I greatly admire--did I return to their sounds and find myself pleased with what I found.  This album is nothing new from any spectrum, mind you. There are familiar instruments and familiar sounds combining forces for something grand. That alone is what does set them apart, though. There is a lot of musical drivel out there that meanders into obscurity, but this stuff sticks with you. The music is bold and delightful with rich guitar work and lush synth grooves. Neither overpowers the other. Rather, each provides the right amount of support for the other to stand its ground. It all ranges from soothing ambience to unsettling, brooding meshing of dark synth and distorted guitar (again, richly presented).  The music is delightful and could take you through the record on its own. However, the icing comes in the form of James Graham's vocals. I love accents, and I feel that they are missing far too often from contemporary music. To hear such a strong and confident Scottish vocal enhancement is a welcome experience. With Graham singing his words, The Twilight Sad become complete.  There is good reason this album has been receiving such high praise. These musicians know what they are doing and are happy to wrap it all up to present it to us with their own Glasgow flair. This is a worthy effort that deserves the attention of an even wider audience.", "So, this is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old:  reviewing dryer vent cleaners while sitting at your kitchen table waiting for American Idol.  This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much.  You kids who think it won't happen to you?  It will.  Sorry to burst your bubble.  That said, the product works great.  Our dryer pretty much stopped working and we were thinking we needed a new one, which was seriously going to eat into my plastic surgery budget.  One last shot before a trip to the appliance store was this Gardus LintEater.  My husband, who is not the handy one of the family, had to do the work as I have a torn labrum.  (Which sounds dirtier than it is - that's part of your shoulder.)  He, the clumsiest man in the world, had absolutely no problem using this.  I warned him to read the directions first, and he actually listened and followed.  He hooked it up to the drill, and away he went.  He got a bunch of musty, wet lint that had probably been up inside the wall since 1977  - probably consisting of bell bottom material and macram.  Now our dryer actually dries clothes again, and I can continue to save for my facelift. Thank you Gardus.", "This review is for Gardus RLE202 LintEater 10-Piece Rotary Dryer Vent Cleaning System  Weve been paying $75 per visit for the service guy from the appliance store to come every 4-5 months and clean the flexible duct thats routed in a less than optimal manner due to location and a variety of road blocks from the dryer to the outside wall.  We knew the time was coming for a cleaning when clothes didn't dry very well and right near the end when it REALLY needed cleaning, there would actually be water on the floor under the dryer.  I had to use some vacation days or lose them and was recently at home for the first time when he came. I watched the process and thought, *I* should be doing this if thats all it is!  I did my research, LintEater is pretty clearly the way to go and made my purchase. Youve got to love Amazon Prime!  Like with ANY product, you have weigh the number of positive reviews against the handful of bad ones. The bad reviews are likely from people who are mechanically challenged or didn't read the manual or watch YouTube videos to get an idea of how the process works.  The pictures of the twisted rod? Someone had one of more of these: Speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  Disconnected or broke in the vent pipe? The rods cant come apart if you run the drill ONLY clockwise. Thats simple physics they simply cant come apart IF you use clockwise ONLY. The brush head broke or stripped out is going to be like the twisted rod; speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  - CLOCKWISE ONLY for both going into and back out of the vent tube!  - My cordless drill is a Ridgid model R82005 3/8. The clutch goes from 0 to 16.5. It has a switch marked 1 & 2 for overall speed. I set the clutch to FOUR and the speed to ONE. You're not drilling holes or driving screws... you're not going as hard and fast as you can. Slow and easy wins this particular race.  - I put red Loctite thread locker on the threads attaching the rotary brush head to the rod AND to the set screw.  - As I added each section, I tightened them against each other with a pair of pliers on each section. THEN, I wrapped electrical tape a couple times around the joined sections. This is all just common sense insurance against disaster.  - The female ends of the rod that go into the drill chuck aren't knurled, but I had no problem with them spinning in the chuck. Slow speed and minimal torque are probably why this was not an issue.  NOTE: I didn't think Id need the extra rod extensions, but I do and came back to order them. To get this done for now, I had to do half from inside the house and half from outside.  - INSIDE the house, vent pipe disconnected from the dryer, I used the vent insert in the vent pipe end with a Ridgid 6HP shop vac and the cleaning tool rod through the provided hole in the insert. This worked fantastically well; I had to clean the vac filter a couple times due to all the lint.  - OUTSIDE the house, I didn't bother with the vacuum, figuring the birds would get whatever lint they found or the elements would just break it down pretty quickly. Turn the dryer ON to blow out the loosened lint as you clean the pipe, wear googles or something to keep the lint dust out of your eyes and off you go!", "We have 24 foot of solid dryer vent pipe ending in 3 right-angles before going through the floor into the flexible dryer-vent hose coming from the dryer.  I can't get behind the dryer without moving both the washer and dryer and they are HEAVY.  So being lazy I decided to clean the vent from the outside of the house inward.  I didn't use a vacuum cleaner or a blower or suction of any kind.  I did tighten each section of tubing with pliers and taped them.  I threaded all 24 foot of tubing with the brush on the end into the outside vent and then backed it out.  I got a good amount of lint clods out.  Then I turned on the dryer to blow everything out.  I got no air coming out at all.  My fear had come true, I had forced gobs of lint into the right-angles at the end of the run.  I still didn't want to move that washer and dryer so I figured I'd try one other thing, use the clodbuster attachment.  Now I'm really getting lazy so I tightened each tubing section by hand (no pliers) and didn't use tape.  I pushed all 24 foot of tubing into the vent until I hit some resistance and then turned the tubing by hand (too lazy to hook the drill up).  Then I pulled it all out and there wasn't any lint at all that came out. So now I'm resigned to having to move the washer and dryer, but before I do I figured I might as well turn the dryer on and see what happens.  Lots of lint clods blew out and kept coming out for about 20 seconds.  I've attached pictures of it.  I'm really happy with this product and if it worked for me with all the shortcuts I took it will probably work great for you.  As a point of reference we built this house five years ago and this is the first time I ever cleaned the vent.  A load of ten bath towels used to take 45 minutes to dry, lately it's been taking 3 to 4 hours, so I knew I couldn't put cleaning the pipe off any longer.", "So, this is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old:  reviewing dryer vent cleaners while sitting at your kitchen table waiting for American Idol.  This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much.  You kids who think it won't happen to you?  It will.  Sorry to burst your bubble.  That said, the product works great.  Our dryer pretty much stopped working and we were thinking we needed a new one, which was seriously going to eat into my plastic surgery budget.  One last shot before a trip to the appliance store was this Gardus LintEater.  My husband, who is not the handy one of the family, had to do the work as I have a torn labrum.  (Which sounds dirtier than it is - that's part of your shoulder.)  He, the clumsiest man in the world, had absolutely no problem using this.  I warned him to read the directions first, and he actually listened and followed.  He hooked it up to the drill, and away he went.  He got a bunch of musty, wet lint that had probably been up inside the wall since 1977  - probably consisting of bell bottom material and macram.  Now our dryer actually dries clothes again, and I can continue to save for my facelift. Thank you Gardus.", "We have 24 foot of solid dryer vent pipe ending in 3 right-angles before going through the floor into the flexible dryer-vent hose coming from the dryer.  I can't get behind the dryer without moving both the washer and dryer and they are HEAVY.  So being lazy I decided to clean the vent from the outside of the house inward.  I didn't use a vacuum cleaner or a blower or suction of any kind.  I did tighten each section of tubing with pliers and taped them.  I threaded all 24 foot of tubing with the brush on the end into the outside vent and then backed it out.  I got a good amount of lint clods out.  Then I turned on the dryer to blow everything out.  I got no air coming out at all.  My fear had come true, I had forced gobs of lint into the right-angles at the end of the run.  I still didn't want to move that washer and dryer so I figured I'd try one other thing, use the clodbuster attachment.  Now I'm really getting lazy so I tightened each tubing section by hand (no pliers) and didn't use tape.  I pushed all 24 foot of tubing into the vent until I hit some resistance and then turned the tubing by hand (too lazy to hook the drill up).  Then I pulled it all out and there wasn't any lint at all that came out. So now I'm resigned to having to move the washer and dryer, but before I do I figured I might as well turn the dryer on and see what happens.  Lots of lint clods blew out and kept coming out for about 20 seconds.  I've attached pictures of it.  I'm really happy with this product and if it worked for me with all the shortcuts I took it will probably work great for you.  As a point of reference we built this house five years ago and this is the first time I ever cleaned the vent.  A load of ten bath towels used to take 45 minutes to dry, lately it's been taking 3 to 4 hours, so I knew I couldn't put cleaning the pipe off any longer.", "So, this is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old:  reviewing dryer vent cleaners while sitting at your kitchen table waiting for American Idol.  This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much.  You kids who think it won't happen to you?  It will.  Sorry to burst your bubble.  That said, the product works great.  Our dryer pretty much stopped working and we were thinking we needed a new one, which was seriously going to eat into my plastic surgery budget.  One last shot before a trip to the appliance store was this Gardus LintEater.  My husband, who is not the handy one of the family, had to do the work as I have a torn labrum.  (Which sounds dirtier than it is - that's part of your shoulder.)  He, the clumsiest man in the world, had absolutely no problem using this.  I warned him to read the directions first, and he actually listened and followed.  He hooked it up to the drill, and away he went.  He got a bunch of musty, wet lint that had probably been up inside the wall since 1977  - probably consisting of bell bottom material and macram.  Now our dryer actually dries clothes again, and I can continue to save for my facelift. Thank you Gardus.", "This review is for Gardus RLE202 LintEater 10-Piece Rotary Dryer Vent Cleaning System  Weve been paying $75 per visit for the service guy from the appliance store to come every 4-5 months and clean the flexible duct thats routed in a less than optimal manner due to location and a variety of road blocks from the dryer to the outside wall.  We knew the time was coming for a cleaning when clothes didn't dry very well and right near the end when it REALLY needed cleaning, there would actually be water on the floor under the dryer.  I had to use some vacation days or lose them and was recently at home for the first time when he came. I watched the process and thought, *I* should be doing this if thats all it is!  I did my research, LintEater is pretty clearly the way to go and made my purchase. Youve got to love Amazon Prime!  Like with ANY product, you have weigh the number of positive reviews against the handful of bad ones. The bad reviews are likely from people who are mechanically challenged or didn't read the manual or watch YouTube videos to get an idea of how the process works.  The pictures of the twisted rod? Someone had one of more of these: Speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  Disconnected or broke in the vent pipe? The rods cant come apart if you run the drill ONLY clockwise. Thats simple physics they simply cant come apart IF you use clockwise ONLY. The brush head broke or stripped out is going to be like the twisted rod; speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  - CLOCKWISE ONLY for both going into and back out of the vent tube!  - My cordless drill is a Ridgid model R82005 3/8. The clutch goes from 0 to 16.5. It has a switch marked 1 & 2 for overall speed. I set the clutch to FOUR and the speed to ONE. You're not drilling holes or driving screws... you're not going as hard and fast as you can. Slow and easy wins this particular race.  - I put red Loctite thread locker on the threads attaching the rotary brush head to the rod AND to the set screw.  - As I added each section, I tightened them against each other with a pair of pliers on each section. THEN, I wrapped electrical tape a couple times around the joined sections. This is all just common sense insurance against disaster.  - The female ends of the rod that go into the drill chuck aren't knurled, but I had no problem with them spinning in the chuck. Slow speed and minimal torque are probably why this was not an issue.  NOTE: I didn't think Id need the extra rod extensions, but I do and came back to order them. To get this done for now, I had to do half from inside the house and half from outside.  - INSIDE the house, vent pipe disconnected from the dryer, I used the vent insert in the vent pipe end with a Ridgid 6HP shop vac and the cleaning tool rod through the provided hole in the insert. This worked fantastically well; I had to clean the vac filter a couple times due to all the lint.  - OUTSIDE the house, I didn't bother with the vacuum, figuring the birds would get whatever lint they found or the elements would just break it down pretty quickly. Turn the dryer ON to blow out the loosened lint as you clean the pipe, wear googles or something to keep the lint dust out of your eyes and off you go!", "We have 24 foot of solid dryer vent pipe ending in 3 right-angles before going through the floor into the flexible dryer-vent hose coming from the dryer.  I can't get behind the dryer without moving both the washer and dryer and they are HEAVY.  So being lazy I decided to clean the vent from the outside of the house inward.  I didn't use a vacuum cleaner or a blower or suction of any kind.  I did tighten each section of tubing with pliers and taped them.  I threaded all 24 foot of tubing with the brush on the end into the outside vent and then backed it out.  I got a good amount of lint clods out.  Then I turned on the dryer to blow everything out.  I got no air coming out at all.  My fear had come true, I had forced gobs of lint into the right-angles at the end of the run.  I still didn't want to move that washer and dryer so I figured I'd try one other thing, use the clodbuster attachment.  Now I'm really getting lazy so I tightened each tubing section by hand (no pliers) and didn't use tape.  I pushed all 24 foot of tubing into the vent until I hit some resistance and then turned the tubing by hand (too lazy to hook the drill up).  Then I pulled it all out and there wasn't any lint at all that came out. So now I'm resigned to having to move the washer and dryer, but before I do I figured I might as well turn the dryer on and see what happens.  Lots of lint clods blew out and kept coming out for about 20 seconds.  I've attached pictures of it.  I'm really happy with this product and if it worked for me with all the shortcuts I took it will probably work great for you.  As a point of reference we built this house five years ago and this is the first time I ever cleaned the vent.  A load of ten bath towels used to take 45 minutes to dry, lately it's been taking 3 to 4 hours, so I knew I couldn't put cleaning the pipe off any longer.", "So, this is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old:  reviewing dryer vent cleaners while sitting at your kitchen table waiting for American Idol.  This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much.  You kids who think it won't happen to you?  It will.  Sorry to burst your bubble.  That said, the product works great.  Our dryer pretty much stopped working and we were thinking we needed a new one, which was seriously going to eat into my plastic surgery budget.  One last shot before a trip to the appliance store was this Gardus LintEater.  My husband, who is not the handy one of the family, had to do the work as I have a torn labrum.  (Which sounds dirtier than it is - that's part of your shoulder.)  He, the clumsiest man in the world, had absolutely no problem using this.  I warned him to read the directions first, and he actually listened and followed.  He hooked it up to the drill, and away he went.  He got a bunch of musty, wet lint that had probably been up inside the wall since 1977  - probably consisting of bell bottom material and macram.  Now our dryer actually dries clothes again, and I can continue to save for my facelift. Thank you Gardus.", "This review is for Gardus RLE202 LintEater 10-Piece Rotary Dryer Vent Cleaning System  Weve been paying $75 per visit for the service guy from the appliance store to come every 4-5 months and clean the flexible duct thats routed in a less than optimal manner due to location and a variety of road blocks from the dryer to the outside wall.  We knew the time was coming for a cleaning when clothes didn't dry very well and right near the end when it REALLY needed cleaning, there would actually be water on the floor under the dryer.  I had to use some vacation days or lose them and was recently at home for the first time when he came. I watched the process and thought, *I* should be doing this if thats all it is!  I did my research, LintEater is pretty clearly the way to go and made my purchase. Youve got to love Amazon Prime!  Like with ANY product, you have weigh the number of positive reviews against the handful of bad ones. The bad reviews are likely from people who are mechanically challenged or didn't read the manual or watch YouTube videos to get an idea of how the process works.  The pictures of the twisted rod? Someone had one of more of these: Speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  Disconnected or broke in the vent pipe? The rods cant come apart if you run the drill ONLY clockwise. Thats simple physics they simply cant come apart IF you use clockwise ONLY. The brush head broke or stripped out is going to be like the twisted rod; speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  - CLOCKWISE ONLY for both going into and back out of the vent tube!  - My cordless drill is a Ridgid model R82005 3/8. The clutch goes from 0 to 16.5. It has a switch marked 1 & 2 for overall speed. I set the clutch to FOUR and the speed to ONE. You're not drilling holes or driving screws... you're not going as hard and fast as you can. Slow and easy wins this particular race.  - I put red Loctite thread locker on the threads attaching the rotary brush head to the rod AND to the set screw.  - As I added each section, I tightened them against each other with a pair of pliers on each section. THEN, I wrapped electrical tape a couple times around the joined sections. This is all just common sense insurance against disaster.  - The female ends of the rod that go into the drill chuck aren't knurled, but I had no problem with them spinning in the chuck. Slow speed and minimal torque are probably why this was not an issue.  NOTE: I didn't think Id need the extra rod extensions, but I do and came back to order them. To get this done for now, I had to do half from inside the house and half from outside.  - INSIDE the house, vent pipe disconnected from the dryer, I used the vent insert in the vent pipe end with a Ridgid 6HP shop vac and the cleaning tool rod through the provided hole in the insert. This worked fantastically well; I had to clean the vac filter a couple times due to all the lint.  - OUTSIDE the house, I didn't bother with the vacuum, figuring the birds would get whatever lint they found or the elements would just break it down pretty quickly. Turn the dryer ON to blow out the loosened lint as you clean the pipe, wear googles or something to keep the lint dust out of your eyes and off you go!", "We have 24 foot of solid dryer vent pipe ending in 3 right-angles before going through the floor into the flexible dryer-vent hose coming from the dryer.  I can't get behind the dryer without moving both the washer and dryer and they are HEAVY.  So being lazy I decided to clean the vent from the outside of the house inward.  I didn't use a vacuum cleaner or a blower or suction of any kind.  I did tighten each section of tubing with pliers and taped them.  I threaded all 24 foot of tubing with the brush on the end into the outside vent and then backed it out.  I got a good amount of lint clods out.  Then I turned on the dryer to blow everything out.  I got no air coming out at all.  My fear had come true, I had forced gobs of lint into the right-angles at the end of the run.  I still didn't want to move that washer and dryer so I figured I'd try one other thing, use the clodbuster attachment.  Now I'm really getting lazy so I tightened each tubing section by hand (no pliers) and didn't use tape.  I pushed all 24 foot of tubing into the vent until I hit some resistance and then turned the tubing by hand (too lazy to hook the drill up).  Then I pulled it all out and there wasn't any lint at all that came out. So now I'm resigned to having to move the washer and dryer, but before I do I figured I might as well turn the dryer on and see what happens.  Lots of lint clods blew out and kept coming out for about 20 seconds.  I've attached pictures of it.  I'm really happy with this product and if it worked for me with all the shortcuts I took it will probably work great for you.  As a point of reference we built this house five years ago and this is the first time I ever cleaned the vent.  A load of ten bath towels used to take 45 minutes to dry, lately it's been taking 3 to 4 hours, so I knew I couldn't put cleaning the pipe off any longer.", "So, this is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old:  reviewing dryer vent cleaners while sitting at your kitchen table waiting for American Idol.  This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much.  You kids who think it won't happen to you?  It will.  Sorry to burst your bubble.  That said, the product works great.  Our dryer pretty much stopped working and we were thinking we needed a new one, which was seriously going to eat into my plastic surgery budget.  One last shot before a trip to the appliance store was this Gardus LintEater.  My husband, who is not the handy one of the family, had to do the work as I have a torn labrum.  (Which sounds dirtier than it is - that's part of your shoulder.)  He, the clumsiest man in the world, had absolutely no problem using this.  I warned him to read the directions first, and he actually listened and followed.  He hooked it up to the drill, and away he went.  He got a bunch of musty, wet lint that had probably been up inside the wall since 1977  - probably consisting of bell bottom material and macram.  Now our dryer actually dries clothes again, and I can continue to save for my facelift. Thank you Gardus.", "This review is for Gardus RLE202 LintEater 10-Piece Rotary Dryer Vent Cleaning System  Weve been paying $75 per visit for the service guy from the appliance store to come every 4-5 months and clean the flexible duct thats routed in a less than optimal manner due to location and a variety of road blocks from the dryer to the outside wall.  We knew the time was coming for a cleaning when clothes didn't dry very well and right near the end when it REALLY needed cleaning, there would actually be water on the floor under the dryer.  I had to use some vacation days or lose them and was recently at home for the first time when he came. I watched the process and thought, *I* should be doing this if thats all it is!  I did my research, LintEater is pretty clearly the way to go and made my purchase. Youve got to love Amazon Prime!  Like with ANY product, you have weigh the number of positive reviews against the handful of bad ones. The bad reviews are likely from people who are mechanically challenged or didn't read the manual or watch YouTube videos to get an idea of how the process works.  The pictures of the twisted rod? Someone had one of more of these: Speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  Disconnected or broke in the vent pipe? The rods cant come apart if you run the drill ONLY clockwise. Thats simple physics they simply cant come apart IF you use clockwise ONLY. The brush head broke or stripped out is going to be like the twisted rod; speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  - CLOCKWISE ONLY for both going into and back out of the vent tube!  - My cordless drill is a Ridgid model R82005 3/8. The clutch goes from 0 to 16.5. It has a switch marked 1 & 2 for overall speed. I set the clutch to FOUR and the speed to ONE. You're not drilling holes or driving screws... you're not going as hard and fast as you can. Slow and easy wins this particular race.  - I put red Loctite thread locker on the threads attaching the rotary brush head to the rod AND to the set screw.  - As I added each section, I tightened them against each other with a pair of pliers on each section. THEN, I wrapped electrical tape a couple times around the joined sections. This is all just common sense insurance against disaster.  - The female ends of the rod that go into the drill chuck aren't knurled, but I had no problem with them spinning in the chuck. Slow speed and minimal torque are probably why this was not an issue.  NOTE: I didn't think Id need the extra rod extensions, but I do and came back to order them. To get this done for now, I had to do half from inside the house and half from outside.  - INSIDE the house, vent pipe disconnected from the dryer, I used the vent insert in the vent pipe end with a Ridgid 6HP shop vac and the cleaning tool rod through the provided hole in the insert. This worked fantastically well; I had to clean the vac filter a couple times due to all the lint.  - OUTSIDE the house, I didn't bother with the vacuum, figuring the birds would get whatever lint they found or the elements would just break it down pretty quickly. Turn the dryer ON to blow out the loosened lint as you clean the pipe, wear googles or something to keep the lint dust out of your eyes and off you go!", "We have 24 foot of solid dryer vent pipe ending in 3 right-angles before going through the floor into the flexible dryer-vent hose coming from the dryer.  I can't get behind the dryer without moving both the washer and dryer and they are HEAVY.  So being lazy I decided to clean the vent from the outside of the house inward.  I didn't use a vacuum cleaner or a blower or suction of any kind.  I did tighten each section of tubing with pliers and taped them.  I threaded all 24 foot of tubing with the brush on the end into the outside vent and then backed it out.  I got a good amount of lint clods out.  Then I turned on the dryer to blow everything out.  I got no air coming out at all.  My fear had come true, I had forced gobs of lint into the right-angles at the end of the run.  I still didn't want to move that washer and dryer so I figured I'd try one other thing, use the clodbuster attachment.  Now I'm really getting lazy so I tightened each tubing section by hand (no pliers) and didn't use tape.  I pushed all 24 foot of tubing into the vent until I hit some resistance and then turned the tubing by hand (too lazy to hook the drill up).  Then I pulled it all out and there wasn't any lint at all that came out. So now I'm resigned to having to move the washer and dryer, but before I do I figured I might as well turn the dryer on and see what happens.  Lots of lint clods blew out and kept coming out for about 20 seconds.  I've attached pictures of it.  I'm really happy with this product and if it worked for me with all the shortcuts I took it will probably work great for you.  As a point of reference we built this house five years ago and this is the first time I ever cleaned the vent.  A load of ten bath towels used to take 45 minutes to dry, lately it's been taking 3 to 4 hours, so I knew I couldn't put cleaning the pipe off any longer.", "So, this is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old:  reviewing dryer vent cleaners while sitting at your kitchen table waiting for American Idol.  This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much.  You kids who think it won't happen to you?  It will.  Sorry to burst your bubble.  That said, the product works great.  Our dryer pretty much stopped working and we were thinking we needed a new one, which was seriously going to eat into my plastic surgery budget.  One last shot before a trip to the appliance store was this Gardus LintEater.  My husband, who is not the handy one of the family, had to do the work as I have a torn labrum.  (Which sounds dirtier than it is - that's part of your shoulder.)  He, the clumsiest man in the world, had absolutely no problem using this.  I warned him to read the directions first, and he actually listened and followed.  He hooked it up to the drill, and away he went.  He got a bunch of musty, wet lint that had probably been up inside the wall since 1977  - probably consisting of bell bottom material and macram.  Now our dryer actually dries clothes again, and I can continue to save for my facelift. Thank you Gardus.", "This review is for Gardus RLE202 LintEater 10-Piece Rotary Dryer Vent Cleaning System  Weve been paying $75 per visit for the service guy from the appliance store to come every 4-5 months and clean the flexible duct thats routed in a less than optimal manner due to location and a variety of road blocks from the dryer to the outside wall.  We knew the time was coming for a cleaning when clothes didn't dry very well and right near the end when it REALLY needed cleaning, there would actually be water on the floor under the dryer.  I had to use some vacation days or lose them and was recently at home for the first time when he came. I watched the process and thought, *I* should be doing this if thats all it is!  I did my research, LintEater is pretty clearly the way to go and made my purchase. Youve got to love Amazon Prime!  Like with ANY product, you have weigh the number of positive reviews against the handful of bad ones. The bad reviews are likely from people who are mechanically challenged or didn't read the manual or watch YouTube videos to get an idea of how the process works.  The pictures of the twisted rod? Someone had one of more of these: Speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  Disconnected or broke in the vent pipe? The rods cant come apart if you run the drill ONLY clockwise. Thats simple physics they simply cant come apart IF you use clockwise ONLY. The brush head broke or stripped out is going to be like the twisted rod; speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  - CLOCKWISE ONLY for both going into and back out of the vent tube!  - My cordless drill is a Ridgid model R82005 3/8. The clutch goes from 0 to 16.5. It has a switch marked 1 & 2 for overall speed. I set the clutch to FOUR and the speed to ONE. You're not drilling holes or driving screws... you're not going as hard and fast as you can. Slow and easy wins this particular race.  - I put red Loctite thread locker on the threads attaching the rotary brush head to the rod AND to the set screw.  - As I added each section, I tightened them against each other with a pair of pliers on each section. THEN, I wrapped electrical tape a couple times around the joined sections. This is all just common sense insurance against disaster.  - The female ends of the rod that go into the drill chuck aren't knurled, but I had no problem with them spinning in the chuck. Slow speed and minimal torque are probably why this was not an issue.  NOTE: I didn't think Id need the extra rod extensions, but I do and came back to order them. To get this done for now, I had to do half from inside the house and half from outside.  - INSIDE the house, vent pipe disconnected from the dryer, I used the vent insert in the vent pipe end with a Ridgid 6HP shop vac and the cleaning tool rod through the provided hole in the insert. This worked fantastically well; I had to clean the vac filter a couple times due to all the lint.  - OUTSIDE the house, I didn't bother with the vacuum, figuring the birds would get whatever lint they found or the elements would just break it down pretty quickly. Turn the dryer ON to blow out the loosened lint as you clean the pipe, wear googles or something to keep the lint dust out of your eyes and off you go!", "We have 24 foot of solid dryer vent pipe ending in 3 right-angles before going through the floor into the flexible dryer-vent hose coming from the dryer.  I can't get behind the dryer without moving both the washer and dryer and they are HEAVY.  So being lazy I decided to clean the vent from the outside of the house inward.  I didn't use a vacuum cleaner or a blower or suction of any kind.  I did tighten each section of tubing with pliers and taped them.  I threaded all 24 foot of tubing with the brush on the end into the outside vent and then backed it out.  I got a good amount of lint clods out.  Then I turned on the dryer to blow everything out.  I got no air coming out at all.  My fear had come true, I had forced gobs of lint into the right-angles at the end of the run.  I still didn't want to move that washer and dryer so I figured I'd try one other thing, use the clodbuster attachment.  Now I'm really getting lazy so I tightened each tubing section by hand (no pliers) and didn't use tape.  I pushed all 24 foot of tubing into the vent until I hit some resistance and then turned the tubing by hand (too lazy to hook the drill up).  Then I pulled it all out and there wasn't any lint at all that came out. So now I'm resigned to having to move the washer and dryer, but before I do I figured I might as well turn the dryer on and see what happens.  Lots of lint clods blew out and kept coming out for about 20 seconds.  I've attached pictures of it.  I'm really happy with this product and if it worked for me with all the shortcuts I took it will probably work great for you.  As a point of reference we built this house five years ago and this is the first time I ever cleaned the vent.  A load of ten bath towels used to take 45 minutes to dry, lately it's been taking 3 to 4 hours, so I knew I couldn't put cleaning the pipe off any longer.", "So, this is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old:  reviewing dryer vent cleaners while sitting at your kitchen table waiting for American Idol.  This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much.  You kids who think it won't happen to you?  It will.  Sorry to burst your bubble.  That said, the product works great.  Our dryer pretty much stopped working and we were thinking we needed a new one, which was seriously going to eat into my plastic surgery budget.  One last shot before a trip to the appliance store was this Gardus LintEater.  My husband, who is not the handy one of the family, had to do the work as I have a torn labrum.  (Which sounds dirtier than it is - that's part of your shoulder.)  He, the clumsiest man in the world, had absolutely no problem using this.  I warned him to read the directions first, and he actually listened and followed.  He hooked it up to the drill, and away he went.  He got a bunch of musty, wet lint that had probably been up inside the wall since 1977  - probably consisting of bell bottom material and macram.  Now our dryer actually dries clothes again, and I can continue to save for my facelift. Thank you Gardus.", "This review is for Gardus RLE202 LintEater 10-Piece Rotary Dryer Vent Cleaning System  Weve been paying $75 per visit for the service guy from the appliance store to come every 4-5 months and clean the flexible duct thats routed in a less than optimal manner due to location and a variety of road blocks from the dryer to the outside wall.  We knew the time was coming for a cleaning when clothes didn't dry very well and right near the end when it REALLY needed cleaning, there would actually be water on the floor under the dryer.  I had to use some vacation days or lose them and was recently at home for the first time when he came. I watched the process and thought, *I* should be doing this if thats all it is!  I did my research, LintEater is pretty clearly the way to go and made my purchase. Youve got to love Amazon Prime!  Like with ANY product, you have weigh the number of positive reviews against the handful of bad ones. The bad reviews are likely from people who are mechanically challenged or didn't read the manual or watch YouTube videos to get an idea of how the process works.  The pictures of the twisted rod? Someone had one of more of these: Speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  Disconnected or broke in the vent pipe? The rods cant come apart if you run the drill ONLY clockwise. Thats simple physics they simply cant come apart IF you use clockwise ONLY. The brush head broke or stripped out is going to be like the twisted rod; speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe.  - CLOCKWISE ONLY for both going into and back out of the vent tube!  - My cordless drill is a Ridgid model R82005 3/8. The clutch goes from 0 to 16.5. It has a switch marked 1 & 2 for overall speed. I set the clutch to FOUR and the speed to ONE. You're not drilling holes or driving screws... you're not going as hard and fast as you can. Slow and easy wins this particular race.  - I put red Loctite thread locker on the threads attaching the rotary brush head to the rod AND to the set screw.  - As I added each section, I tightened them against each other with a pair of pliers on each section. THEN, I wrapped electrical tape a couple times around the joined sections. This is all just common sense insurance against disaster.  - The female ends of the rod that go into the drill chuck aren't knurled, but I had no problem with them spinning in the chuck. Slow speed and minimal torque are probably why this was not an issue.  NOTE: I didn't think Id need the extra rod extensions, but I do and came back to order them. To get this done for now, I had to do half from inside the house and half from outside.  - INSIDE the house, vent pipe disconnected from the dryer, I used the vent insert in the vent pipe end with a Ridgid 6HP shop vac and the cleaning tool rod through the provided hole in the insert. This worked fantastically well; I had to clean the vac filter a couple times due to all the lint.  - OUTSIDE the house, I didn't bother with the vacuum, figuring the birds would get whatever lint they found or the elements would just break it down pretty quickly. Turn the dryer ON to blow out the loosened lint as you clean the pipe, wear googles or something to keep the lint dust out of your eyes and off you go!"]
['I have tried a few light honeys and I will definitely be buying this one again (I\'ll be getting the five pounder.) I know some reviewers have been complaining about the texture. My suggestion is to let the honey sit in a cool area for two days to let the capping rise to the top and completely solidify. When I received mine, the product had been shipped on its side and it was in a liquid state from the heat. The capping was floating at the wrong angle. This caused the capping to mix into the rest of the honey when I turned it upright. To fix this, simply let it sit somewhere cool so the crystallization process solidifies the honey and allows you to scrape the cap away and get to the honey beneath it -- it should no longer contain all the gritty parts of the capping.  I love honey comb, however, so I enjoy eating this honey directly from the jar. I just received it yesterday and I\'ve finished half of the jar. It\'s that good.  This is the only light honey I\'ve been able to eat from the jar. Others have been too sweet. This one is nearly perfect to my tastes.  Another reviewer said that YS honey is better than this one because YS has an organic label. It is insanely hard for bee keepers in America to offer organic honey, and this company practices organic methods and does not use chemicals on their farms. I trust them, and I seriously doubt that the bees are venturing too far from home if they already have an abundant supply of flowers to choose from. This is as organic as honey can get in America.  YS honey tastes horrible compared to this honey. It\'s almost sickeningly sweet and impossible for me to eat from the jar. This one speaks for itself. I\'m going to have to buy a bigger jar for it to last through a months worth of tea drinking. I will admit, though, that I absolutely love the royal jelly offered by YS; it tastes better than their other honeys.  While I prefer dark honey like honeydew and neem, this one is packed on site and never enters a barrel. This is becoming a problem for me and dark honey. I want honey that hasn\'t touched a barrel, and I haven\'t found a dark honey that offers this.  Try this honey if you want something truly raw. If you don\'t like honey comb then you shouldn\'t try this. You will get a mouthful of honey comb from the capping, and it is nutritious but chewy.  The lids and jars are BPA free. There is a seal between the jar and lid. This is rare; lots of honeys tend to lack a seal and touch the lid through transit. If the lid is made of metal, chances are it has a food liner made of plastisol (which contains PVC,) or it has a food liner that is hiding BPA in it. When you find organic honeys that have metal lids and the honey has touched the lid through transit, then it isn\'t as "organic" as it used to be.  I definitely recommend this honey to anyone looking for a light and truly raw honey!', 'I picked up this sewing machine as a gold box deal on Valentine\'s Day and have now owned it for about 15 months.  I didn\'t really sew before I purchased the machine and didn\'t want to spend too much money on a fancy machine in case I decided I didn\'t like sewing.  At first, it was pretty frustrating.  This machine doesn\'t do absolutely everything for you like the fancy computerized machines.  I had to learn a lot about thread tension and basic troubleshooting and, of course, ripped out a whole lot of stitches along the way.  If I hadn\'t been so stubborn when it came to admitting defeat, I might\'ve quit sewing altogether in the first week of using this machine.  But, then things got better.  After I learned the basic concepts of how a sewing machine works, I was able to sew everything I wanted with no trouble.  I\'ve used this to sew several layers of thick fleece, stretchy knits, sheer curtains, and more.  It handled all the materials easily and consistently produced stitches that look good.  Now, the bad.  I have since upgraded to one of those fancy computerized machines that I was hesitant to invest in because I feel I outgrew this machine.  I\'m keeping it because it still works perfectly and is a good backup, but I don\'t use it much anymore.  The biggest problem was a lack of available accessories.  This machine comes with a standard foot and a buttonhole foot.  I ordered a zipper foot on Amazon that said it would fit "most" Juki machines but it didn\'t work for me.  I didn\'t order more because I didn\'t want to waste more money.  If you want to do anything other than basic stitching, I\'d do some looking for the additional stuff you\'ll need and figure that cost into the price of the machine.  It quickly becomes pretty expensive if you plan on doing anything requiring more specialized feet.  Next, the size of the machine got very frustrating for me.  In addition to garment construction, I started quilting.  It is so, so hard to quilt a large quilt on this little machine.  My quilting, quite frankly, looked like crap because fighting to feed the quilt through the throat (the tiny space to the right of the needle, if you\'re new to sewing terms) frequently made my lines crooked and imperfect.  The feed dogs also seemed to need a little more help than usual and, as such, the stitch length isn\'t perfect, either.  Finally, this machine is LOUD.  I\'ve found that I\'m able to get the most sewing done after my young daughter goes to bed but, unfortunately, this machine was so loud that it sometimes woke her up.  I\'m glad that I started out with this little machine.  It was great for learning what I\'m doing instead of just starting out with a computerized machine that does pretty much everything for me.  I would recommend it to anyone just starting to sew as long as you\'re paying the gold box price.  The $175 regular price tag is probably a little too much considering the machine\'s limitations.  Since my purchase, I\'ve seen the machine as a gold box deal several times, usually on gift giving holidays like Valentine\'s Day, Black Friday, and Mother\'s Day.', 'This "paper punch" felt incredibly sturdy out of the package, a nice heavy weight, and I was fully prepared for it to work well. This thing is so awful, it\'s a joke. You can see exactly what is preventing the mechanism from working. The shape of the interior edge hits the malformed shape of the exterior edge when you try to press the punch down. It\'s not a matter of paper weight. Even with no paper in it, the interior shape cannot possibly fit through the exterior shape, so there is no way to cut the paper. This dented a piece of paper, that\'s it. It\'d be like if you had scissors where one side was flat, like normal scissors, and the other side was curved. The blades not touching would prevent the cutting action. I had my husband try to press it as hard as he could and we just started laughing because of how it literally just clamped half way shut in such a dumb crooked way. Check out the pictures. The first picture is the punch not compressed (at rest). The second picture is the punch pressed shut as far as it can compress. No bueno. Returning this thing.', 'I have been writing in calligraphy for over 25 years and have used a variety of calligraphy pens and markers.  I really like these calligraphy markers compared to other brands of calligraphy markers.  Each marker is double-sided with one 2mm and one 5mm felt tip.  This is a nice and practical feature.  I prefer to use the small tip most of the time.  This set includes pure red, pure green, pure blue and pure black markers.  The colors are very bright and vivid.  I use these markers for scrapbooking and for writing names on the envelopes of greeting cards and invitations.  The ink is acid free, photo safe and archival quality which makes the markers perfect for scrapbooking.  Calligraphy on envelopes always looks elegant and sophisticated.  I always get compliments on my writings.  Many recipients of my cards and invitations say they save the envelopes.  I would like to note that I used fountain calligraphy pens for many years.  The ink flows smoothly and the writing looks sharp.  However, there are disadvantages to using fountain pens.  First, the ink in fountain pens is not colorfast and fades with time.  Second, the ink I used was not labeled as acid free, photo safe or archival quality.  Third, the ink in the nib will dry and clog the nib if not used for a while.  This was actually my biggest pet peeve.  As I was not using the pens regularly, I would often encounter this problem.  Lastly, fountain pens can sometimes be messy.  They can leak for a variety of reasons.  I highly recommend the Zig Memory System Calligraphy Markers.  I also bought a six pack of black Zig Memory System Calligraphy Markers.  I plan to buy a larger set with more colors in the future.', 'I got this set as a gift for myself when I vowed to learn how to knit. I tend to go gung-ho when I find a new crafty hobby I want to sink my teeth into, so I went ahead and bought this comprehensive circular needle set on the insistence of my more advanced knitter friends who advised that 1) I would absolutely need circular needles and 2) that I would save money buy not buying a ton of individual circular needles.  Pros: These needles are so pretty! They make you want to knit. :) There really are a ton of sizes, so any project you pick up, you are pretty much guaranteed to have the right sized needles. The cables can actually be linked together to form an enormously long cable if you need them. I haven\'t had any issues with the yarn getting caught on or fuzzed up by the aluminum needles. I love the carrying case that keeps everything all organized and easy to find. If I didn\'t have this case I would never have a matching set of needles because they would be strewn in my never ending "Craft Drawer."  Cons: There is nothing. NOTHING. more frustrating to a new knitter than finally getting halfway through your first project to have the cable unscrew and pop off your needle. As a new knitter, this happened to me and I was devastated, because I had no idea how to pick my work back up yet and fix the problem. Ugh. I had to start over and keep obsessively checking the connections each time I started a new row. So, word to the wise: the connections like to unscrew! I started putting masking tape around the connections when I started a new project.  Related - when the connections would start to unscrew a little, my yarn would get caught on them and fuzz a little.  All in all, this set is an excellent gift for a beginner or intermediate knitter, and really encourages you to pick up and knit! I just wish the connections were a little more snug. :)', "I used to make a lot of stretchy bracelets and I stopped for one reason or another, but I recently got back into it.  I wanted something to secure the knots and somehow I came across this product.  I am happy with my purchase thus far (especially since I just don't remember what I used to use...).  One concern I had was how to keep the adhesive on the knot and not get it on the beads on either side, but this has such a small applicator (like a wire or fine needle) that it is easy to dispense a very small amount of glue in a very precise area.  I let this dry for a few days, never paid attention to how long (but I like to err on the side of caution).  It seems clear and flexible after drying, but it is holding knots my stretchy cord pretty well.  This is best for non-porous surfaces, according to the package.  My elastic cord is non porous, at least on the macroscopic level that I can see.  I am also keeping this around for jewelry repair (e.g., putting rhinestones that fall out of costume jewelry back in their settings), though I have not had occasion to try that use yet.  However, the precise applicator tip would definitely be useful in such a situation.  This package has a lot of safety warnings about using it in a well-ventilated area and such.  I am not too worried about that because of the extremely small amounts I am using at a time, but if you are gluing in large numbers of rhinestones, cabochons, etc., you may need to pay more attention to the warnings.  This is NOT superglue (no cyanoacrylate).  It is supposedly flammable and must travel via ground, so it may not arrive in two days.  But, one tube is fairly large considering the amount of product you use at once, so it will last a long time.", "I have never used this stuff before, but it was so simple to use. Using a paint brush, I brushed the fluffy white snow onto the roof of the Christmas house I was making and it turned it into a magical holiday home...just the kind of Christmas home you can't help wanting to go inside and see what's happening!  NOTE: To make my snow look fluffier, I just used the paint brush to fluff it up with. Letting it just barely dry a little before fluffing with the paint brush will also help it stay fluffed better.  UPDATED:  What I like best:  Easy to use  Makes fun icicles by just putting a blob where you want it and using a toothpick simple drag the snow down. See my photo for an example.  Weather resistant. Although I have only used it for indoor projects, the possibilities are limitless for outdoor uses.  It is about the texture of creamy cake frosting. It spreads smooth and not clumpyI wonder if anyone has used frosting tips to make cool designs with.  Wide mouth jar is great for easy access to the fluffy stuff.  Non-yellowing  Non-toxic  Flexible when dry  I especially like this because my tiny icicles will not get brittle and break off.  I have used several different types of  Aleenes products and I am very impressed with their high quality and high standard of goods. I would recommend this to anyone who wants the look of snow on their craft projects. I'm excited to discover what else I can use this for.  ~~~ Hopefully my product review has been helpful to you. I hope you have a super day!", 'FAST delivery !  Great product !!!  I always take others reviews with a grain of salt and I certainly glad I did this time. This machine is fantastic !!! NO PROBLEMS at all !!! The comments about not being commercial ... well, it is not "Industrial"  but is  "commercial" . If you want or need "Industrial" go spend $1K !!!  As far as vibrating like the other reviewers mentioned.. Well, they MUST have a lead foot and have it mounted on something pretty shaky to begin with . IMO .  My wife has it setting on a  folding plastic top craft table .Table has metal legs and tables are nothing expensive . About $20.  She just controls speed with the foot petal and has not had the need to  set the speed control screw on the bottom of the foot petal to a lower setting. Like another reviewer mention ..... read the  users manual !! She makes dozens of  leather and canvas bags and purses . She zips through her work quickly with no problems. I asked her if it vibrated bad... and she replied... "Not at all... in fact my $149 Brother regular duty sewing machine ( 1 year old ) actually vibrates more !! "  Need I say more ?? PS  I did get the Singer kit of 9 presser feet on Amazon to got with the machine. It has all metal feet in the kit.', 'I was in a hurry to meet a deadline and didn\'t have time to wait for resin to cure. (Besides the fact that I\'m painfully impatient in most crafting areas. I. Want. Results. Now.) I found my bottle of Diamond Glaze and went to it...but was disappointed in the results. Goopy. Bloppy. Bubbles way down at the bottom. Slightly yellow. Just not cool. I knew the bottle had been around awhile - but I had only used it once, putting it back on my shelf because I wasn\'t thrilled with the less-than-perfectly-hard results I obtained the first time. I suppose I should add that to my issues with my second use, too.  I ordered a new bottle and must admit I\'m pretty happy with the results. This bottle is much clearer. I still had a few bubbles I had to fish out - and no, I didn\'t shake it before use. In fact, I\'ve found it helpful to keep all items like this upside down in a coffee mug. That way they are ready to go - no shaking, no rolling, and no "pffft" noises. (Maybe I\'ve raised too many boys??) Storing it this way reduces the chance of bubbles by keeping excess air out - and the product seems to stay well-constituted. Anyway...although I was much happier with this bottle, it also never seemed to get totally hard. It got much harder than Gel Du Soliel - but not as hard as resin. If you have experience with similar products, I would say this is better than Gel Du Soliel and Fluxe - ranking below liquid varathane (due to the final hardness). Very similar to 3D Crystal Lacquer. (Rereading that last sentence makes it very apparent I have an illness when it comes to art supplies because yes, I have all that I\'ve listed. And aren\'t they all basically the same thing??)  Bottom line: I will buy this again. I will use this again. I still prefer actual resin...but Diamond Glaze is a rockin\' alternative when you don\'t have the supplies, time, or energy for resin. This is also a spectacular alternative to resin when working with kiddos!', 'EDIT AGAIN JANUARY 17TH 2016  I think I\'ve filled up 3 of these by now. I wanted to add that I have been using this journal for Copic markers (Sketch). Of course there is bleedthrough--but honestly they go through almost everything.  I use the recommended Memento Tuxedo Black to stamp my images, and Pigma Microns to draw my images or make doodes with the intent to color. The Copic markers don\'t feather across the page too much, you just have to practice coloring as close to the line as possible without going over it, and that is true with a lot of papers. Although the paper in this journal isn\'t perfect paper for Copics, I do like art-ing (yes, it is now a verb, you\'re welcome) on the paper in this journal as it is smooth and feels really nice blending.  I always love adding stuff to the covers as I go through the journal. Right now, I have an Apple (Mac) decal on the front cover, so I affectionately call it my "Mac Book".  EDITED ON JUNE 16TH 2015  I repurchased this journal because I wanted to see if the quality had changed since March of 2014. It has significantly. This journal (which I had purchased from Amazon both times) can finally used and holds up to the same expected quality of the large journal. Both the large and small journals take Dylusions paint beautifully, and can even handle using spray inks on top of the paint. In fact, I (re) purchased this last month and it\'s almost full already. Thank you Ranger! Now on to the cover. The cover that they\'e using isn\'t as smooth as the older journals, they definitely have a texture to them. This journal and the last 5"x8" both of the elastic bands broke on me in the same spot. I don\'t think it\'s me, because the larger journals don\'t have a problem with that. What I decided to do was paint the elastic black, then took the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Elastic-Loops-by-Tim-Holtz-Idea-ology-6-5-Inches-Pack-of-10-Loops-Black-TH93141/dp/B00IXWMCYO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Elastic Loops by Tim Holtz Idea-ology, 6.5 Inches, Pack of 10 Loops, Black, TH93141</a>&nbsp;hitched to the old elastic so I have the elastic problem fixed.  ORIGINAL REVIEW FROM March 5, 2014 I concur with others about being disappointed.  I\'m a big fan of the original Dylusions Creative Journal (large) so I decided to get this one too. Most of the time I like to work in smaller notebooks.  I find there is significant bleed through, so I can\'t  use the backs of the pages I do. So if I do a 2 page spread, the backs of both sides are unusable. If you so use ink sprays, or even plain water, it will be ruining your work on the other side. It\'s so wasteful.  What I\'ve been doing is using other paper (Bristol smooth 300 series) to do my things on then using washi tape (like if you were to insert pages back into the journal; a technique that Dyan Reaveley does) to insert in between the spread that has work done on either side so there\'s an extra page there even if it\'s not the same paper as the journal.  You can use a little distress paint on the backs of the journal paper that has the bleed through from the other side.  I own a lot of the Dylusions rubber stamps, and the images can take up a lot of space on a page(s) because they are on the larger side.', "I bought a pack of this six-strand floss because ordering the 8 colors I needed for my project from Hershnerr's would have been foolish. The charge for each skein of DMC floss is only 44 cents, regardless of color. However, the shipping charges added would have about tripled my cost for the DMC Floss. Unlike many others, I have no option to purchase embroidery floss, nor many other craft items in my local stores.  Such things are either not carried at all, or the selection is very poor.  Neutral: This floss, while not up to DMC standards is also not up to DMC pricing. At the price I paid for this item, my cost breaks down to about 12 cents per skein.  Sometimes, you do get what you pay for. The skeins are about 8 meters long, similar the DMC skeins. I was expecting more colors with no duplications, however, in my package, most colors included are represented by two or even three skeins. The included 12 cardboard bobbins are about enough to hold one project's worth of thread.  Cons: In examining some DMC floss that I purchased for a different project, I discovered that the six strands you obtain when this floss separates are finer than the DMC floss strands... finer enough that you may want to use three strands of this if the instructions for your project call for two strands of DMC. Another reviewer mentioned that the quality of these skeins makes them unsuitable for mixing this floss and DMC in the same project. I agree; however, I would never, under any circumstances, mix two different brands of floss in the same project.  As noted by other reviewers, these colors are neither named nor numbered, which makes selection of your exact colors a bit difficult if you try to go by DMC numbers or color names.  You can find colors in dark, medium and light shades of colors somewhere near those listed in DMC project instructions, so all is not lost if you attempt to use this floss.  Pros: While this floss isn't quite as shiny as DMC, it is not, as another reviewer claimed, completely dull. It does have a subtle sheen of it's own. It is also not, as a different reviewer said, all in one thick strand. It will separate into six strands as the label claims, and does so without much difficulty. That said, this is a decent alternative for small projects, provided that you only use this floss for the entire project. If you are doing craft projects other than embroidery, such as friendship bracelets, this is a decent alternative for those other uses, at about 1/3 the cost of DMC floss.  Recommended for friendship bracelets and other children's crafts, for those just learning embroidery, or, if in desperate need of a small amount of a few colors for a single (small) embroidery project to the extent that shipping would cost more than your thread if purchased from Hershnerr's", 'I like it....but I wish I could love it.  The cake is not flat in the jar.  When water is sprayed in, the water sat in the middle and softened the middle.  After only one use, a hole developed in the center of the cake, which is hallow below.  So, the next use I now have a hole and when I spritz with water to activate the paint, the water just settled in the bottom of this hole, making the cake barely wet to use.  It was okay the first use....and the shimmer is nice (it\'s not like this huge twinkling sparkle, just a light shimmer when looked at, at an angle).  I guess I\'m just disappointed.  This has happened with two of the jars I used from this set.  The jar is tiny (1 1/2" diameter about) and with the huge gaps / hallow areas, it isn\'t a lot of cake, even though it appears that way at first glance.  And, this is true (the gaps/holes/hallow areas) for several jars (if you look at the sides of the jar you can see it too).  This isn\'t just a single \'bad jar\'....this is just how they are.  I bought three packs of different colors.  All three have jars doing this.  And, I suppose I will get comments telling me I did this wrong.  I suppose I could sit there and swirl the spritzed water around during the five recommended minutes to wait to get the paint ready....maybe this would work....but eventually the gaps are there.', "Ever feel like you need an extra hand? This is it! You have no idea how many jobs this thing can do until it's on your sewing table. You might even make up more uses for it! This is a newfangled broom handle. It's not tiny like it looks in the picture, it is actually the size of a sawed off broom handle.  It's number one job is to save your fingers from being scorched by your iron.  Don't want to heat up the iron to quickly flatten seams on an economy block? Use this like a rolling pin, and you'll have the rest of the corners sewn on in less time than it takes to heat the iron.  Having trouble holding that butterfly seam open to iron and thinking about just pressing it to the side instead even though your seam will be too bulky? Iron Finger to the rescue!  I don't have time to list all the things it can do, so I'll stop there. I must get back to my quilting. Just get one, you will love it even if you only pick it up to beat your sewing machine when it refuses to do anything but tangle and break your thread.  It's made by Clover -- that says it all. There is nothing they make that you don't need! You might even consider replacing one or both of your hands with this, it is that awesome.", 'I use Rit dye all the time, here are some helpful tips  Step by Step CHOOSING FABRICS. Rit works best on many natural, washable fabrics and materials, such as: a. 100% cotton, linen, silk, wool, ramie b. Synthetics such as rayon and nylon c. Fiber blends with at least 60% cotton or other dyeable fiber (blends will tint evenly but will not achieve full color) d. Nylon-based plastic such as those found in buttons, fasteners and lacrosse sticks e. Natural materials such as wood, wicker, paper, feathers and cork But there are fabrics and materials that will not accept dye, such as: a. 100% polyester, acrylic, acetate, fiberglass, spandex and metallic fibers b. Fabrics with rubber backing (bath mats or throw rugs) c. Fabrics with special finishes such as water repellents d. Fabrics with bleach damage or extensive staining e. Fabrics washable only in cold water or labeled dry clean only f. Polyethylene plastics such as golf discs g. Polycarbonate plastics such as eyeglass frames Fiber content and weight also effect how color appears making fabrics like cotton, wool and silk absorb dye differently, slightly changing the hue and brightness of the chosen color. If you are in doubt as to whether your fabric will accept dye or achieve the color you want, we recommend testing a swatch. DYE PREP. Cover work area with a plastic table cover or newspaper and have paper towels or sponges handy to protect against any possible spills. Wear rubber gloves to protect hands from getting stained and to insulate them when working with hot water. Use plastic buckets or stainless steel pots for the dye bath. You can also dye in a stainless steel sink. Dont dye or rinse items in a porcelain or fiberglass sink or tub as they are likely to get stained./p> ACHIEVING TRUE COLOR. Always follow manufacturers care instructions for your fabric as well as Rit Dye package or bottle instructions. Remove stains on fabric or use Rit Color Remover before dyeing to get fabric to an off-white or cream color. This will help achieve uniform color results when dyeing. Dissolve powder dye thoroughly in 2 cups of very hot water first to avoid dye spotting. Stir dissolved powder dye or well-shaken liquid dye into dye bath until evenly dispersed. Never pour liquid or powder dye directly on fabric unless looking to achieve a specific creative effect. Be sure to use enough dye for the weight or size of the project. For example, for a pound of dry fabric (about 3 yards), use one package of Rit powder or 1/2 bottle of Rit liquid in 3 gallons of water. You want enough water for the fabric to move freely in the dye bath so that it can absorb the dye evenly across the garment. When dyeing 1 pound of dry fabric in dark or bright colors such as Black, Dark Brown, Cocoa Brown, Navy, Purple, Wine, and Dark Green, use double the amount of dye (2 packages of Rit powder or 1 bottle of Rit liquid) in 3 gallons of water. For the deepest color, use a water temperature of 140F/60C and keep heat constant while dyeing (the stove top method or a washing machine work best). Note: If tap water is not hot enough, heat water on the stove, in a teakettle or in the microwave. If dyeing a garment more than one color, its usually best to start with the lightest color and move to the darkest. For more intense color when dyeing fabrics containing cotton, rayon, ramie, or linen, add 1 cup salt to the dye bath. When dyeing nylon, silk and wool, add 1 cup white vinegar to the dye bath. If possible delay adding the salt or vinegar until 5 minutes after the fabric has been in the dye bath. The delay will help to promote level dyeing. Add 1 tablespoon laundry detergent to all dye baths to help promote level dyeing. The longer the garment is immersed in the dye bath, the deeper the resulting color. Items can remain in the dye bath up to 1 hour as long as the water remains hot. Youll also have to make sure the item receives constant agitation or stirring. Garments will also look darker when wet and prior to washing. When you remove clothes from dye bath, rinse in warm, then cool water until water runs clear. (Warm water helps to rinse off surface dye more effectively.) Wash your fabric/clothes in warm water with mild detergent and then rinse thoroughly in cool water. Machine dry or hang dry. CARING FOR DYED ITEMS. For the first two or three times, wash your dyed item by itself in cool water with a small amount of non-bleaching detergent. Always wash your dyed clothing with similar colors in cool water with mild detergent. Dry cleaning silks and special fabrics is recommended. CLEANUP. Clean containers and sinks immediately after dyeing by scrubbing with hot water and powdered cleanser or bleach. Clean washing machine using highest water level with hot water, detergent and 1 cup chlorine bleach using complete wash cycle. Clean lint traps. Plastic or rubber machine parts may be tinted but will not stain laundry.', "What a FAB-u-LOUS mini sewing kit! This is the first kit that I have come across that has any color thread that could be needed! There is a total of 32 mini spools as well as 32 bobbins. The mini spools have a great amount of thread in them, I was really surprised! What I thoifjt it was is those little cardboard rolls that are included in  most other kits,  however this is much larger than I expected! All of your basic colors are included as well as some neonish colors as well multiple color variations of the same color. Its really nice to have all these colors in one pack! If you can't tell in impressed!  I love that this EBeauty Sewing kit doeant throw in all kinds of unnecessary items just to fill space. What you need is what you get. What you get is quality here! The wheel that includes the needles is not made of cheap plastic that cracks when the fastener tape is pulled off and the scissors actually cut!! You get 30 different needled with different sized heads. You get 2 plastic thimbles as well as 2 threaders and a measuring tape that measures up to 25 inches on one side and 64 centimeters on the other. This tape is of quality as well, this is not one of those tapes that has the little threads coming out all over just waitimg to unravel . its a good tape! This all takes this kit to a whoping 100 pieces!! Each piece sits nicely into a plastic tray. The tray sits nicely into my sewing box and keeps all items in their places!  All in all this is an excellent option of a mini sewing kit! This would be great for a beginner as well as for making a travel kit or even to have the options that yjis kit offers for your daily needs as they arise, this kit would get the job done!  Highly recommend!", "I have a Brother JX2517, and it fits inside this tote.  There are velcro straps to hold the machine in place inside the tote.  There is a small flat pocket on the front (good for thin items like paper, small ruler, scissors, etc.).  It doesn't stretch open very far, so nothing too big would fit.  That's the only storage on this tote (the black version).  At first I thought it had tons of zippered pockets on the inside, but those are just the openings where they inserted the cardboard sides.  So the tote is cardboard sandwiched between fabric (at least for the sides).  There is another color available, and it shows more pockets under the flap than this version.  The handle extends, but does not lock in place, so you can only pull one direction.  For example, my carry-on suitcase has handle that locks, so I can pull or push in any direction.  With this tote, if you try to go another direction or push instead of pull, the handles will not stay extended.  It's a bit inconvenient.  The handle is also still a bit short for me, so I can't really walk properly when I'm pulling it behind me.  It gets the job done, but if I could go back, I definitely would have bought a different tote.  One with more pockets so I don't have to carry another bag containing my supplies.  Or perhaps one with a strap to carry instead of one with wheels.  To me, it's not really worth the price.  There's no extra padding or support, and you don't really get any storage.", 'This is one of those tools that makes you stop and say "do I really need this?"  After all, I had been managing so-so just by measuring a quarter inch from each side and drawing a line, marking a larger dot where the seam lines intersect.  It worked, but is time consuming. I will also mention that I was previously using a chalk pencil, so my accuracy wasn\'t the greatest - and provided the prompt to break down and buy this.  I had seen Jinny Beyer using it in her Craftsy class, but I was resisting the urge to buy yet another gadget.  After having to tear apart a block for the 4th time due to inset seams not matching, I pulled the plug. With this device, I simply lay it on the appropriate angle and mark the dot, very quickly and accurately. The dots along the edge let you also mark the quarter inch line at intervals to help keep a straight line when hand stitching. The holes are very small, so you would need a mechanical pencil....I opted for another tool, the Sewline chalk mechanical pencils.  The small holes force us to use a smaller marking tool, but it also improves accuracy.  My inset seams now go together beautifully.  There is another benefit to this tool.  At one point, I thought it was my stitching or marking that was the problem - it was actually that I cut my diamonds wrong.  A little slip with the ruler when cutting is easy to miss, but this tool makes it very easy to lay on the patch and check its angles. The most common 5 or 6 angles used in quilting are on the tool.  There is also a dotted line along the edge that you can use to check your scant quarter inch.  If you do any type of inset seams or angles in your quilting...or just want better precision on your triangles (who doesn\'t) - the perfect piecer will definitely save you time and frustration.', "I loved this bag. However I have two small issues. One, I wish the top had a zipper so that if I use this while traveling I would not have to worry about anything flying out of it since it can't fold very flat with things in it. Second, one of the best things that I liked and made me order this bag is that it can stand freely. While the outside pockets have nice vinyl plastic,the bottom of the bag is canvas. I often knit and crochet on the beach, or decks/balconies or docks so I need something waterproof around damp sand or wood. To try and solve the issue I bought a sheet of craft foam, then measured and cut the piece to fit the bottom of the bag when open. I have yet to try it, but hopefully that works. If not, then this bag will not travel with me and stay at home. Update a few months later: I loved this bag so much that I ordered another. The first one was the natural color. I used it on vacation, it was so handy during a few days of use on the beach and in our hotel room that I decided to use that at home and bought a black one to use only travel,because it should stay cleaner. A few days ago at home the first bag completely broke. The metal screws in the rods that crisscross under the bag and on the sides, not only popped out on both sides, but BROKE right out of the holes. Bag would not stand up freely anymore, was unfixable and had to be tossed You can't still use the bag if the metal rods are flopping around because there is no way to get the bag off of the metal unless you cut it off. Now I am using the second bag at home, I don't trust it for vacations and expect this one to break sooner or later. I did not overstuff the bag. It was not even folded much. It did not get wet on the beach. After one use during traveling it was mostly on the floor all day by my knitting chair, sometimes I would pick it up and fold it to move it but not often. The metal is cheap and ruins an otherwise nice bag. Cannot recommend this bag now.", "I read mixed reviews of this spool rack after placing my order.  I was concerned it would be poorly constructed or weak as some had reported, but I am happy to say it is not.  It is sturdy, stable, raw in appearance (no finish applied), all pegs were intact and overall the construction is good, about what you would expect for the price.  There were complaints about mounting hardware not being included even though the seller doesn't state it's provided, just advertises the rack as wall mountable.  My rack also did not come with mounting hardware, I don't really mind since I plan to use it standing.  I was also concerned that 550Y size embroidery spools might not fit well since there were many complaints about the spacing being too tight and the pegs too small.  550Y spools fit perfectly with plenty of room for convenient use.  I ordered a 63 spool embroidery thread set and it arrived along with the rack.  I filled the rack with 60 of the 550Y spools and it remained sturdy and stable, not tumble prone as others have experienced.  The wood is stapled together, but mine was neatly put together, undamaged and exactly as described.  Not giving the product 5 stars because it's not a high end product, though it does the job and is worth the price.  Delivered on time, product matched the image online and was exactly as described.  It sounds like the production of these racks are hit or miss.  Thankfully, mine was a hit.  Would purchase again and would recommend it to others."]
['In the midst of the feel-good stories, decorating bits and lifestyle tips, are the ads. And the Buy Buy articles. And the Buy Buy articles disguised as decorating bits and lifestyle tips. Buy this new paint color, this nail polish that Michele wears, this facial scrub that takes years off, this trendy chevron rug in nauseating colors, this "slimming" dress with the peplum (!!), and this green cleaner that sounds great but really doesn\'t clean well. These cards will make your guests feel special ($25 for 5) and we found this costume ring for $150. What a deal!!  And there is a new feature, how families are managing to live well on a miserly $100,000 per year!!! WOW. We do it on 15 since I got laid off 4 years ago. This all makes me want to throw up a little bit. I will say that getting on the email list is good if you like chatty 10 Best Lists. About 2x weekly you\'ll get 10 Things to Never Eat, 12 Best Skin Helps, 10 Ways To Style Floating Shelves, etc. It\'s at least fun and they are not trying so hard to get you to buy something. I\'m saving my issues to trade at the bookstore for quilt magazines.', "Great watercolor pencils with an excellent color range that is unique to Derwent, which I really like.  I had no problem sharpening them with my Kum or Alvin/Dux hand sharpener. The wood did not split or break. The colors are beautiful and there is little color shift from wet to dry. The pigment dissolves easily and works best on smooth or hot pressed paper. It does not require you to scrub the paper to activate the watercolor paint. You may see a little pigment dust when laying down color, its best to blow it off the paper into a dish or the trash than swipe with your hand and smear it. Most pencils do this and it isn't a bad thing, it just is part of the personality of your art tool. If used on cold pressed paper with more tooth/texture be careful not to press into the paper with the pencil or the lines will not completely dissolve, which is great if that is the look you going for but not if you want a smooth color flow. According to Derwent most of these pencils have great lightfast ratings, but this is not noted on the pencils or the tin. There is no literature provided with the set, you have to look it up on their web sight or read the one posted here in Amazon. This is probably a personal preference, but I love that the name of the color is clearly printed on the pencils and they are in numeric order, also printed on the pencils, from 1 through 72. For me it makes it easy to do a color chart and then keep them in order for quick color selection. The pencil color paint d on the tip is pretty accurate. Overall this is a great value choice in the category of artist quality watercolor pencils. The color range, quality, and price, make them a comfortable buy and fun to use because you don't have to feel wasteful if you want to doodle with them. While they are not budget or cheap pencils, the price currently being charged is in my opinion a fair price for an artist grade tool.", "Seam ripper is just another seam ripper but that top ... a miracle.  I was faced with ripping apart an old quilt.  Ripping would be easy.  Ive earned a masters degree in seam ripping.  How can you learn if you don't make mistakes and correct them, right?  What I dreaded was all those little threads.  A plethora of small pieces of thread would have to be removed from the pieces as well as from the floor, my clothes, the dog, etc.  Vacuum takes care of the floor.  Washer and dryer for my clothes and a bath for the dog but how to first remove them from the quilt pieces.  Wanted to start with a sharp new ripper and spotted this one.  Read the description and laughed as I ordered it.  If it liveed up to its description it would be be a Godsend.  IT WAS!  Sitting outside solved the vacuum and dog bath problem (Sadie sends kisses).  Washer and dryer took care of me.", 'Totally old fashioned awesome trickle charger design in that it is not electronically controlled :) That can be "GREAT" or <Harmful> depending on what your need is or how it is used. As with manual transmissions, manual battery chargers are hard to find these days. Plugged it in and the transformer has a noticeable ac hum. Current draw 2 watts no load and about 20 when connected to battery. On my multimeter output showed 13.5v open circuit but when connected to a small 12v battery the voltage did SLOWLY CLIMB TO 16.2v (wow) which is why it needs to be monitored and NOT left connected indefinitely. For normal use 14.6v is the takeoff point when it should be removed. 14.4 to 14.6 is the correct voltage many automatic units peak at and let it drift down to a ~13.5 float/maintenance voltage. For an "equalizing charge" once every 3 months to keep the 6 cells, (2 volts nominal per cell) in sync, and to desulfate battery for longer life, let it go slightly over 15v for 30 to 60 minutes and remove (One thing an automatic charger won\'t let you do!) An occasional mild overcharge is desirable but for flooded batteries only, not for AGM or sealed batteries. Continuous overcharge is not good. A powerful charger can drive the voltage too high, too fast, depleting fluid level, eroding the positive plates and shortening life. Since lead-acid batteries generally take hours to absorb the final 20% of a healthy full charge, lower output is in your favor. For more LEAD-ACID BATTERY info visit "batteryuniversity.com." If your battery is an AGM, sealed and/or non-spillable type, do yourself a favor and get a charger that is automatic, since sooner or later you\'ll forget and leave it on too long which will damage those.   At 13v it showed 1.0 amp charge rate, 0.7 amp @ 14v, 0.5 amp @ 14.5v. With 2 screws removed and case opened there is a centrally located transformer and behind the 6/12v switch is a circuit board that includes the rectifier and automatic reset circuit breaker protection for the output.  PROS- can attempt to charge a totally dead (0 volts) battery (as a safety feature, most newer automated chargers need a voltage threshold met to verify polarity before they will activate, therefore if it is totally dead they refuse to activate). Can even be used as a crude 6 and 12 volt power supply. Same 50amp clamps as other Schumachers and price was great. ($16.40)  CONS- Fewer safety features, no indicator to let you know it\'s connected or charging, (unless you install your own). (Best to connect clamps before plug- first red to positive, black on negative, to prevent a spark that can potentially ignite hydrogen gas if present). Then plug in. Potential exists for overcharge if not monitored that can at best gas some electrolyte from battery or worse erode the plates over time. AGM type batteries a.k.a non-spillable sealed lead acid (SLA) are sensitive to overcharge and are easily damaged. Most powersport batteries are that type. A smaller battery (such as motorcycle size) is at greatest risk of being overcharged/ damaged by this thing if not monitored so if you want a SET-n-FORGET maintainer do not buy this, Buy an automatic for that purpose. (Battery Tender Jr $25and BatteryMinder 1510 $50 are 2 I\'d recommend, there may be others but stay away from automatic Schumacher and Keyline products they have a flawed algorithm). Voltage is reduced via wire-wound transformer unlike the newer style switching adapters which means it is heavier, can only be used on 120v and is slightly less energy efficient though more reliable. Wanted one of these manual deals to fill in some of the gaps created by my automated chargers and it does. Would buy again, solid value.', 'I purchased the 4pc set and I\'ve gotta say I was impressed. To start off I will say that I highly recommend sealing the lens of these, mainly on top and bottom. Mine had about 1/8" void between the black casing and the lens. Not saying they would have leaked or gotten moisture in them but I would personally rather not take the chance. The packaging was a plain brown box and the lights themselves were in foam surrounds so I don\'t believe that under normal circumstances anything could happen to them. The lights themselves, other than that small void that I fixed with clear silicone, seemed very sturdy and the wiring was good quality also.  I installed one set on my wife\'s Chevy Tahoe and the other set on my 08 Civic coupe. The install on hers was extremely quick and easy because she had existing factory fog lights that were destroyed and all I had to do was splice these into the factory wiring and mount them. I did have to purchase a wiring kit to install these on my Civic but it was still fairly easy to do with a little bit of knowledge.  As far as performance I couldn\'t be happier. I was afraid that they would be too overpowering to oncoming traffic but they are not at all. They are very bright and add just the right amount of supplemental light to my factory headlights. In a pinch they are bright enough that I could drive with them alone. They light up signs and eyes of animals from a very long distance which pays for itself.  *One thing I would like to clarify is that with this mounting bracket it is possible to mount them with the mounting bolt BEHIND the light instead of just top/bottom. I put the bolts through the holes for the factory tag mount on the front of my civic and it worked perfectly. I had asked if this was possible for one of the 12" light bars and was told no it wasn\'t possible but it is, I will post pictures as soon as I can.', 'I drive a 2006 Jeep Wrangler with 4.0L engine.  I have reached 85,000 miles and had already replaced the serpentine belt.  I have read that it is also recommended I replace the idler pulley and automatic belt tensioner.  The Gates 38163 is almost completely identical to the original OEM Chrysler/Mopar part.  Here is my experience installing it.  Things you\'ll need:  * 1/2in drive breaker bar * 3/8in. drive ratchet wrench * 3/8in. drive Torx T40 bit * (optional) new small rubber grommet * (optional) thread locking compound  First, it is a good idea to take a picture of your serpentine belt and how it winds around your engine and pulleys..  There is supposed to be a belt routing diagram on your radiator, but often this label is often damaged.  A picture is worth a thousand words.  Depending on your tools, it may be easier to remove the fan shroud and clutch fan so they won\'t get in the way.  I won\'t cover this here.  Insert the square part of your breaker bar tool into the square hole in the middle of the tensioner arm.  You turn the breaker bar to tighten the arm spring and remove tension from the belt.  While holding your breaker bar, carefully remove the belt from one of the pulleys - then carefully relax the arm.  Remove your breaker bar.  The tensioner arm (and serpentine belt) is now ready for removal.  Attach a high quality Torx T40 bit to your ratchet and carefully remove the bolt securing your old tensioner arm to your engine.  Take care not to strip the head as you loosen the bolt!  You will reuse this bolt on your new belt tensioner.  Once you\'ve released your old tensioner arm, do not remove the bolt from tensioner arm yet.  Carefully examine the threaded side on your bolt - there is supposed to be a small rubber grommet (or "O-ring") on the threaded side hugging the bolt.  Many guides online do not mention this rubber ring!  I am not entirely sure what the purpose of this rubber ring is, but I suspect it is used to dampen the vibration between the tensioner arm and engine and/or to help keep the bolt in place.  If this small rubber grommet is missing or damaged, you could use a small O-ring seal normally used in plumbing like kitchen and bathroom sinks.  An assorted size pack of O-rings is common and inexpensive.  If you still have the original rubber grommet in good condition, carefully separate the rubber grommet from the bolt.  Once separated, you may now remove the bolt from the tensioner arm.  After removal, while examining my original belt tensioner I was able to spin the pulley very freely with my hand - this means that the bearings no longer had sufficient grease to lubricate them.  With the brand new pulley, the pulley turns easily as I use my hand, but I could not spin it.  This means my new Gates belt tensioner\'s bearings are well greased for the job.  Reinstall bolt into your new Gates tensioner arm.  Lightly lubricate the small rubber ring and carefully slide as far as you can into threaded end of bolt.  If you want, you may now apply thread locking compound at this point (I didn\'t feel it was necessary).  Attach new Gates tensioner arm to your engine, hand tighten Torx bolt, then use ratchet to finish tightening it.  You do not need to use a lot of force to tighten it, just tighten to reasonable amount.  I found some sites with a torque specification but I found this to be much tighter than original, so I didn\'t trust this - I recommend to just tighten to reasonable amount you can do with your single arm alone with ratchet.  Don\'t put your weight on it!  You never want a broken bolt stuck in your engine!  Also careful not to strip the Torx head!  Once your new Gates tensioner arm is bolted back on, reinsert the breaker bar and wrap the serpentine belt back onto all the pulleys.  You remembered to take a picture, right?  Refer to your photo or belt routing diagram on your radiator.  One hint is that the grooved side of the belt will only ride on grooved pulleys and conversely the smooth side of the belt will only ride along smooth pulleys.  Release the arm, remove your breaker bar, examine everything - and you should be done.  In case you stripped your T40 bolt or need a new belt routing diagram sticker, below are the parts you can get from your dealer:  6507743AA - belt tensioner T40 bolt 53031700AB - belt routing diagram sticker for 4.0L  It\'s much easier than I made it sound.  But do the job right!  I hope this review helps others!  :-)', "Update - Sept 2013:  These have been on my truck for nearly a year now and have held up very well.  Very strong and supportive, and no scratches even tho' I live on a gravel road.  I highly recommend these bars.  These bars fit the '13 Silverado extended cab just fine.  (Note that Chevy plans what they're calling a 13-&-a-half model next year.) It took me about 90 minutes with a 3' cheater bar to get the body/frame bolts out and the mounting brackets bolted back in.  Most of that time was just muscle work.  The instructions were worthless.  Period.  Any backyard mechanic can figure out this installation easily.  The mounting brackets are metal-stamped with the location of the bracket, as in DF for driver side front, PC for passenger side center, etc.  This helpful fact is not mentioned in the instructions.  For the Silverado the bars are different for either side as the center bracket is not centered.  The longer dimension between the center hole and end goes to the front.  I used red permatex threadlock to lock the bolts in place.  My wife says the step bars are great improvement!  Mission accomplished.", "I will be the second reviewer that pleads with Amazon to stop selling this kit.  Here is my review of the last three kits I have installed as I posted on the Spal review.  I Installed the Deluxe Spal kit in hopes it would work better than the last two similar kits. First off, I'm a licensed contractor, fabricator and machinist. I am well versed in custom auto installations as well and have built a few ground up hot rods. I'm confident this kit was installed properly and all precautions were taken to give it the best possible chance for proper function.  The Spal deluxe kit was and is by far the best engineered and best performing of all I have tried but it too failed to lift my windows at even a remotely acceptable rate. The hardware was acceptable and the kit provided everything necessary for a standard installation. The Spal was the only kit that did Not come with switches. Spal is made in Spain and the fit and finish of the pully drive and motor housing is fantastic! It's very nice. Performance in a truck or van however, is not acceptable. Down is fast and smooth. Up is boggy and extremely annoying. By the time it reaches mid point it sounds like it is going to release smoke and fail all together. Keep in mind that with the hand crank the window moves freely and easily through its entire range.  My conclusion is that there are simply no cable drive power conversion kits that are going to work for my work van. If I could find an OE power regulator I would go that route.  The previous kits I have tried were the AutoLock which worked acceptable for the better half of a year before slowing to a useless speed. The Auto Lock had the best hardware package with heavier mounts and better quality isolation grommets and screws It also came with the nice flush mount, back lit switches. The AutoLock motor and pulley drive was made in China and cheaply assembled.  The next kit I tried was the XO Vision PW203. Total junk. They did not even make one rotation of the crank! Hardware was same as AutoLocks.  Lastly the Spal and it to is getting boxed back up for return.", 'Justin\'s review on this is dead on.  Many thanks go to Justin for detailing the install. I have a 2002 Liberty and followed Justin on the install.  I have no gas tank cover either, and my holes must have been more rusted than Justin\'s, cause it was a pain to install it.  I had to start the holes with a M11 X 1.5, and then switch to the M12 X 1.75 tap.  Spray with WD40, Tap a little bit, take it out, and then use a rag to clean the tap and inside the hole as well (using a small tap with the rag around it) and repeat the process.  Took me about 1.5 hours to tap the first, the rest went quicker until I was down to about 20 mins to tap the 5th hole.  Wasted several rags and the tap began cracking.  My suggestion is to be careful not to wail too hard on the tap, because breaking it off would be a serious headache. Leave it to Chrysler for the design flaw on the exhaust.  Even with someone pulling on the muffler there\'s no way I can tap the hole, therefore, no way to get the bolt in.  Had to install it with only 5 bolts.  If I ever replace the muffler I\'ll tap the last hole.  But removing the muffler requires cutting it, so it isn\'t an option. Also, a hitch extender "might" be necessary.  The hitch doesn\'t come out far, and the spare tire is right there above it.  If you have a drop down hitch, that\'ll obviously help.  I haven\'t tried to tow anything yet, nor do I have the receiver yet, so I\'m not sure how the tire is going to factor in here. To sum it all up:  great quality hitch, stupid Chrysler design.  But that\'s expected.', "January 11, 2015 I'm preempting my previous review because of an issue.  I bought an amber/amber model, and the brightness was much less than the amber/white model I had.  The amber/white light had LEDs that look like CREE LEDs.  The amber/amber model has round LED bulbs, which are much dimmer than the others.  Very disappointing.  I'm returning the amber model, and ordered another amber/white model.  Hopefully they send me another good one.  January 4, 2015 For the price, this is an excellent light!  I have 15% tinted windows, and this light can be seen thru the tint in the daytime, and near blinding at night.  WIthout window tint, this should be blinding by looking directly at it anytime, day or night.  I made the mistake of buying a $13 LED light that looked similar here on Amazon, and it was a joke.  I could have lit a match, and it would have been brighter than that 8 LED light.  This 16 LED light is amazing.  The $13-$20 lights use cheap LEDs firing directly thru the lens, with a diffuser lens.  This light has the LEDs fastened to a circuit board on the bottom of the light, aimed straight up, with mirrors in the back to turn the light 90 degrees directly thru the clear lens.  You can see the LEDs are better quality in this light.  They are large square LEDs, like CREE LEDs, or the LEDs you find in high dollar flashlights.  These are not little cheap LEDs like you find in cheap-o flashlights.  For $35, this light is tremendous.  I'd highly recommend this light.  I bought it based on other reviewers before me, and their positive reviews held true for me.  I received an amber/white model.  The only problem I had was the fasteners to attach the bracket to the light were not in the package, so I'm sending it back for another one based on that.  If it had instructions included with a description of the screw thread, I would have gone to the hardware store and bought some.  Since there were no instructions, I said heck with it, and I'm sending back for a new unit just to get the screws.  Others have said they had Federal Signal Viper markings on their lights.  My light had a Tocas sticker on it only.  No other markings on it like others have said.  Even if it's generic, it's the best $35 I've spent.  If it happens to fail ever, I'll come back and update.  I will definitely buy more of these.  Right up there on brightness with Code 3, Federal Signal, and Whelen.", "As advertised.  I don't know about longevity, but I am assuming it is not as good just based on the price.  Being that I can buy over 20 of these for the price of one rigid, I say it is worth it.  It took me 5 min to install, and a few hours to wire up.  Throw away the included harness.  You cannot use that gauge of wire to run this wattage.  It will cause a fire.  You can usually pick up a rigid harness for $30.  That is worth the investment since they use 12 gauge wire.  The wire from the unit is 14 gauge.  The wire in the harness is around 18 to 22 gauge.  It should not be included.  Light is a great value without it.  See pictures.  First one is headlights, second one is with the light bar and 2 40 watt fog lights. 90% of the light is from this bar.", 'I ordered this kickstand for my Diamondback Citi Serene. The stand is substantial, made in the usa, and comes card-packed with a top mount plate, two bolts (use the one that fits your set-up) and the little rubber foot.  The stand (theoretically) mounts underneath the bike. On the Serene, (pardon my "bike part" term naievity) there\'s a short bar that is parallel to the ground and lies behind the pedals, in between the chain stays (which i just learned is the bar that goes from the pedals/center thingie to the rear wheel axle). Problem is, the hole that\'s pre-drilled on the Serene that the kickstand\'s bolt goes through, is too small for the installation of this kickstand. Drilling it or enlarging it was not an option I wanted to explore.  Here\'s the good news: I called Greenfield (number on the pkg) and a very nice woman answered the phone. She put me on the phone with a nice gentleman who listened and then explained my options. He sent me some extra parts after patiently and carefully explaining how to install. The parts arrived, but unfortunately, it still wouldn\'t fit. That\'s the bad news. I even tried smaller bolts from home, but the chain stays sit lower than the kickstand crossbar thingie and the mounting hole in the kickstand was larger than the bolt, so the kickstand wouldn\'t quite fit or be sturdy.  I am so imprssesed by the excellent customer service provided by this company. I imagine a grandmother and grandfather in a workshop on mainstreet USA, handmaking each kickstand to order. Putting love into each one, as if it\'s being made for their own grandchild. I doubt that\'s anywhere close to reality, but that\'s the feeling I get, and that\'s rare these days.  In conclusion, this is a good-looking and well-made kickstand, and the company has excellent customer service. I am planning on buying the rear-mounted version from the same company.  I rely on Amazon reviews to help me make informed buying decisions. I hope this review helped you in the same manner :)', 'So I\'ll keep this brief and to the point (sort of)...  I purchased the 50 inch 5D series curved light bar for $129. Just like you see in all videos regarding Auxbeam bars, the box had been through hell but the bar itself was somehow unscathed. At first glance the bar looks great (for a $129 light bar).  Some things that irked me right off the bat is the lack of connectors on the light side of the wiring. The harness came with protected female spades but the light itself only had stripped and tinned wires. No biggie. A couple of male spades and everything fit together. If you look real close at one of the pictures they have a couple lose connectors laying there. Those were not in the package. The reason it bothers me is because it\'s sort of implied in the listing that it\'s plug and play.  Before I even turned it on I noticed that the alignment of the reflectors in relation to one another is a little off. The lenses themselves are also not crystal clear. The beam pattern is kinda wonky. The included picture is from 10ft away with the bar perfectly level.  The thing is bright but not what I would have expected from a 50" 288w 28880lm light bar. (I know the numbers are BS but I really was expecting more).  After only having it on for a minute or two I noticed the wiring from the relay to the light was very warm to the touch. When turned on from room temp within a minute you can feel it warming up. For a 288w light at 12v pulling 24amps you would need atleast 12ga (.081) wire. I was surprised (kinda) to find 14ga (.064). All the other stuff I could have put up with for as little as I spent, but the wiring really has me worried. Gave it 3 stars because I went bought it hoping for the best, expecting the worst.  I will be updating this review with night time photos and infrared photos of the wiring at time intervals.', "I installed one of these heaters in my chinese 24 H.P. diesel tractor. (a very old and cold blooded design)  It worked great last year, for the 2 times I used it. I wrote a glowing review on the tractor site I belong to.  A made in USA product at a competitive price, that is a win win product!  This year it don't work.  I pulled it out and did some ohm meter tests on it.  The thermostat is fine but the heating element is not.  Zero contuctivity through the heating element.  Now I have a gap in my radiator hose that I have to fill so I have ordered another one.  I would hope that something built in the USA would function a little better than this.  I was very pleased with it when I installed it and it worked well.  I am not quite so pleased now.  It is reasonably priced and it should work for a long time.  There isn't much to it.  Perhaps the bend radius of the heating element is a little sharper than it can tolorate?  They work great when they work.  When they don't it sucks.  It is a real PITA when you have a snowstorm bearing down on you and can't get your tractor to start. I hope my dipstick heater is up to the task.  If the replacement heater lasts more than 2 uses I will ammend my evaluation.  It shouldn't be that difficult to build one of these.  About 3 inches of mild steel tubing a cal rod element and a couple of crimp on connections and a snap switch and 6 foot of electric cord.  The packaging probably costs more than the working parts.  12 five star reviews and 5 one star reviews would seem to indicate a serious problem with this product.  My second one seems to work well.  I just should have not had to buy a second one.  Perhaps the manufacturer of this product has corrected the problem.  Bend radius of the Cal rod element? Something?  We need this and you build it.  Tell us you fixed it, how and why.  You will sell a lot more when they all work for more than 2 start ups.  I will be your most vocal fan.  It is the season....", 'Very nice cover.  It comes with it\'s own storage bag that cinches with draw strings and it includes patching material should it be needed.  The cover itself is very durable and well made.  The material is very soft so as to not scratch the finish on the camper. There are several vent flaps along the sides to ensure adequate ventilation beneath the cover to prevent condensation, which can lead to staining mold growth. The cover is prominently marked with front and rear printed on it letting you know both the direction and which side goes up. Putting it on is very intuitive.  It has four adjustable slightly stretchy straps attached along the top edge of the two long sides.  There is a protected (to prevent scratching) bendable metal strip (approximately 2"x 5 or 6") attached to each strap that make securely attaching the straps to the camper frame a snap.  The slight stretchiness in the strap provides just the right amount of tension to keep them in place. I only had to adjust the fit during the original install.  In both January and February when I came up to camp I just popped the straps loose from the frame tossed the sides up on the roof of my Pop Up and pulled the cover off from the front, rolling up as I went. When I back up I did just the reverse and re-secured the straps without having to readjust them at all.  Trust me when it\'s cold that\'s a blessing.  I\'ve found putting this cover on initially took maybe 30 minutes.  Now removing takes less than ten minutes and putting it back on maybe 15 minutes, and that\'s because I double check everything. I put this cover on mid November at the beginning of winter and I\'ve returned and used my camper twice since then in January and February.  The cover is staying put and holding up well.  My camper is located on a heavily wooded lot in northern Virginia and there\'s been above normal snow fall this year.  I have not seen any adverse affects to the top thus far.  I will update this review if I have a differing experience, but so far I am very pleased.  I do have another cover on another Pop Up camper.  I bought this cover from a different manufacturer two years ago. While it\'s held up well and protected that camper for two winter seasons I find the Camco UltraGuard to be much easier to install and remove. I will buy from Camco from now on.', "We first used this unit on a sunny afternoon while driving in a westerly direction.  We could barely see the display due to reflections on the screen.  We still had our older nuvi 1450 in the car so we put them next to each other.  After checking the brightness setting on both, the 1450 definitely has a brighter display than the 2597.  In fact, by dimming the 1450, we determined that the 2597 display brightness was about 60% of the 1450.  The display background on the 1450 is bright white, where the 2597 has gone to an off-white or light grey with streets highlighted in white.  That seems to add to the display issue.  In most cases, the difference is probably not a problem.  But the 2597 display will have a hard time overcoming sunlight on the screen or reflected light on the screen from inside the vehicle on a bright day.  We had one of those cheap visors from Amazon that helps with direct sunlight.  I still have an ongoing complaint about these units and that's the way it announces and displays upcoming turns.  It may say to turn on 1st Street which in fact may be true in the local jurisdiction you're driving, but in fact is also US41.  1st Street may or may not be identified by a street sign, but US41 definitely will be.  Always good to do your homework to be sure you're turning where you want to, especially if towing.  I don't have any experience with its Bluetooth capability.  I tried traffic one time in an Interstate highway backup but nothing was available.  We bought this item as a Gold Box deal of the day and even with its display shortcomings it was still a decent deal.", 'Installing on vintage Jeep to protect from theft.  Able to wire this in a semi discreet area that would make it very difficult to thwart and steal.  Hoping to slow down a thief as if they want it, nothing will keep it from being stolen.  Great initial line of defense beyond the keys!  Also thinking of using on boat and Yamaha rhino as both are often docked and parked in public areas if we are eating or taking a break off the trails or  water.  Extremely well made and way heavier than I expected.  Based on physical appearance it is very well made with a high degree of visual fit and finish.  Unable to open and see internals as it is pressed together at seam.  So do not know what type of water integrity it has.  I mounted in a manner that should not get splashed from below while driving or off roading.  Also putting dialectic on all connections and shrink protection on top of terminals.  Using easy loctite on all hardware.  Works during testing exactly as it claims.  distance of remote is close to claimed distance.  Within 5 feet line of sight which is fine by me. A+', "The product has promise, but it might be wise to test spray a small area and let it cure, then try to remove. Make sure you get the application 'right' before applying in mass to the hood etc.  I sprayed my front bumper few weeks ago, it dried clear, I thought I put it on too thick as it ran in places.  So, after that I did the front of the hood (F150, brand new). I thought I put that on too thick too....it began to run in places as well.  Well, first snow here in MN yesterday.....the bumper and hood both turned milky white and the product turned to soup in the snow and cold. I spent about an hour at a spray wash today removing it from the truck. Some was soup, some was dried plastic film. Unfortunately I bought 3 cans (1 free w/ mail in rebate on Amazon), so, dunno what I'll do w/ the remaining product.  I had hoped this would work as its a great idea....maybe if its not applied 'perfect' you run into these issues.  Update June 2017: tried it on my Harley fairing. I sprayed it too thin and it too became milky in the rain (it would dry clear again when rain stopped) but it did an ok job protecting the paint for a year of riding. See pics. Going to reapply to Harley but no longer use on the truck. Am wondering even if sprayed thicker will it still turn milky in the rain.  Will know soon and will post an update.", "I installed the Air Lift 60732 1000 series on my 2015 Toyota Sienna LE.  The installation went well.  If I were a little younger and not handicapped, it probably would have been a breeze.  I like the little lift they gave to my van with 25 psi in them, but after driving for approximately ten miles on some local pot hole roads, I decided to drop the pressure to ten for every day driving.  After I drop them to 10 psi the van was as if I had never installed them.  I did use the T for installation, because to I wanted a balanced ride.  I installed the bags with the line through the top of the coil springs,  because I didn't like the lines hanging from the bottom. I was concerned of the air line being damaged due the possibility of hitting an object in the road. I ran the air line through a 1/4 inch wire protective wrap just for extra protection for the air line.  I attached the cross over line to the break line which is over the rear axle with the provide zip ties.  I installed the air valve in the jack storage area where a mounting hole is already provided. In the bottom of the jack storage is a rubber grommet and I drilled a hole just big enough to force the air line through and sealed it with glue. I am handicapped with my right foot which makes me unable to walk any distance.  I purchased these for when my wife and I go somewhere that I will be required to walk, I can take my scooter and not have to worry about a sag in the rear of the van, the bottoming out and drag of the hitch. I have posted a few of pictures and I hope they help with your installation.  I will update later if I have any problems.", 'Absolutely blown away by the quality of this product. I had my doubts that something so much cheaper than the competition could be just as effective. Let me tell ya...this stuff is amazing!  Super easy to cut and work with, and somewhat forgiving while placing on panels. Once you roll it down though, it\'s not going anywhere without significant effort.  The deadening properties are astounding. I applied to roughly 85% of the door panels and rear panels of my 4Runner. Not only did the sound quality improve in general, it virtually eliminated all of my rattling. I also lined the back of my license plate and frame. No more rattle.  I followed another reviewers advice and purchased a wooden roller. I feel that the job would have been much more difficult with a cheap roller. I purchased one that was 1 1/4" wide. You don\'t want too wide, so you can get into nooks. A flat panel popper is great for 90 degree angles and such.  10/10! Can\'t wait to remove my headliner and do the roof!', "Where do I begin? I had an issue with my engine power. I had change plugs and coil packs and was still getting loss of power on a cylinder. Before I got the car into the mechanic I ran a 16oz shot of this stuff with about 10 gallons of fuel twice. I could not get the computer to throw the error code. Which I was worried about because how was the mechanic to know what was going on. Once I got everything fixed. (turned out that the valves needed a little media blast to get em cleaned) I bought another bottle and my car has been purring ever since.  I have a turbo and the engine loves this additive. It is the first time I have ever put a additive in the gas tank and you notice the difference. The wife has a diesel and I want to try the diesel version too. Why does't Amazon carry it? Though you can get it on the sellers site. But there is a shipping charge. Anyway I would buy this again and again.", 'I have seen a lot of bad reviews, so my question is did you order the correct part number for your vehicle?  I had tan weather tech floor mats in my 2013 Ram 1500 Crew Cab.  I ended up trading that truck in when my 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon came in that I ordered.  My new truck only comes in a black interior, so I gave my old ones to my brother in law (he has the same interior that I did in my old truck).  Why did I go back to weather tech?  These are simply awesome.  I am attaching a picture of the carpet from the driver seat and the rear of my 2013 after 3.5 years of having these floor mats.  That carpet was spotless.  In the rear picture you will see the OEM floor mat.  That was after I took out my weather techs, as I was not trading those in.  My new truck came with rubber floor mats from Ram, but they do not protect like the weather techs do.  So, I got some birthday money and ordered these.  You cannot go wrong with them.  I have not tried other major brands such as husky, so I will not compare the two.  I will say they are 100 times better than OEM.  I am a clean freak when it comes to my vehicles. Every vehicle that I have ever owned looks like the day I drove it off the lot.']
["This book takes thedubious honor of being the worst book I've read allyear.  Fooledby the rave reviews, I wasted  ninety-nine cents downloading this drivel to my kindle.  Jade is supposedly a competent LA police officer.  Five years earlier Mac Stryker was his training officer.  Mac is morning the murders of hiswife and daughter and of course becomes a raving alcoholic.  While Jade confronts an violent man in a car, Mac is too drunk to assist.  Jade justifiably kills the man and Mac is booted from the force.  Five years later, their roles are reversed and she is Mac's training officer.  Inthe mean time,someone is sending her boxes of dead flowers, trashing her house and stalking her. Her supervising officer hates her and is hotforMac.  Mac meanwhile is hot for Jade.  turns out that Jade's sonis actually Mac's also, theresult of a one night stand that was the best ight of her life.  Unfortuantely,he has no recollection of it. The plot drags in Jade's alcoholic father and fiance and a cross dressing commander.  Of course, it all ends happily.  This book is awful.  The plot is ridiculous the characters cardboard.  It veers from police procedural to very,very bad romance novel.  For instance, Jade's supervising officer is a proceduralnit picker except when it applies to her. She ignores Jade's complaints about being stalked and flagrantly sexually harasses Mac. Jade is supposedly so intelligent she falls into bed with someone too drunk to know what is going on.  Her apartment isburglarized and her child threatened but she doesn't call the police. The dialogue is trite, the pace glacial and the prose preachy and boring.  LA police officers should be offended. Every thing about this book is lethal.  Avoid at all costs.", "I have a brand new Camaro SS and wanted a paint sealer, so I bought Carguys Liquid Was and Sealer.  I first clay bar the car to remove all the dirt out of the paint from sitting on the car lot.  They might look clean when you purchase your car but there not.  I then coated the whole car with Liquid wax and sealer.  Buffed it of after sitting for 20 minutes and it was very smooth and shinny. I finished the car by 2:30 in the afternoon.  The direction say to leave car alone for 6 hours to completely cure.  the next morning I wiped the car down again and used a good paste wax.  I have never had a car come out so smooth.  I just cant tell you how nice the car came out.  It was so shinny and smooth.  I don't know how long the sealer and wax will last but water will run right off the car. I guess the true test will be how well the bugs and dirt from driving the car will be to removed.  Right now I don't think anything will stick.  If there is a change in my rating, I will repost.  Right now I would recommend!", 'Crunched one of the incandescent bulbs on my new trailer. Off to Amazon I go where I found these. Pleased to learn that these 8" lights that mount on 2" centers are pretty standardized. LEDs seemed like the way to go. Install was fairly straightforward. I used red heat shrink connectors from Harbor Freight and a very nice Ancor Insulted Crimp Tool that I bought right here which cost more than the lights! Install was pretty straightforward, but I recently repainted my trailer and couldn\'t make good ground. The lights didn\'t work. I had to take it all apart, file and wire brush off some paint (and rust) and get down to shiny metal. Then I bolted the ground O-ring terminals outside, right on the steel. Once I verified that everything was working, I repainted the bolts and the surrounding steel. O-rings on the outside don\'t look as cool, but they allow for better access if ground needs to be established again. I launch my PWC in the ocean, so I can\'t mess around with corrosion. I replaced the 1/4" carriage bolts and nuts with stainless and added lock washers. The only downside is a common ailment for all plastic lights: the channels that are intended to grasp the heads of the carriage bolts will distort under pressure and allow the bolts to spin. This makes it next to impossible to use nylon lock nuts. Just stick with regular nuts and lock washers.', 'I bought this item for polishing my watch; however, I had another opportunity to use it.  When my new refrigerator was delivered by 2 young men, I noticed that there were about 5 inches long scratch on the door.  I complained, but he fooled me and left.  Wiping by a wet rug, camouflaged the scratch.  After it dried, I saw the scratch, again.  I knew that the boy rushed to leave before it appeared, again.  I\'m a perfectionist.  It really bothered me.  I can\'t ignore the scratch.  Since I had this item, I tried to polish it.  Wow.  Not completely removed the scratch, but faded.  I patiently repeated several times.  Now it\'s almost gone.  After I complained about the scratch and another problem to the major home improvement company where I purchased the refrigerator, the manager of the delivery company came to our house.  He looked at the door of the refrigerator and said, "you did a good job!"', 'I bought my Jayco 22FB brand new at the end of 2010. It\'s a 2010 model that was on clearance. Here it is 4 years later (at the beginning of this summer - first camping trip) and my antennae wouldn\'t work. When I took the outlet out I quickly discovered why. There was corrosion all over the back of the thing, on the circuit board and all over the connections. I could see moisture on the inside of the walls. Jayco did a poor job of insulating inside there so the moisture was from condensation. You can see the inside of the siding. You should see nothing but insulation. So I bought this "Winegard RV-7042 White Wall Plate Power Supply" from Amazon (Which by the way was considerably less expensive than the RV dealership. I installed this with one modification. I applied liquid electrical tape all over the back of it after I made my connections and then reinstalled it. Hopefully that will prevent corrosion from the condensation.  My thoughts: Campers are whipped together and built fairly cheap. So I believe that anyone could easily run into the same problem I did. If this happens to me again I will look into a better fix for the condensation. No fault of this product though.', "Atli &Ouml;rvarsson really wowed me with his score for Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters. It managed to craft a mythical soundscape yet sound modern and kick serious ass. I mention Hansel & Gretel because it was at the premiere of that film that Atli got hired for The Mortal Instruments: City Of Bones. Director Harald Zwart was in attendance and was impressed with Atli's work so much that Atli basically got the job right then and there. Mortal Instruments is a very different score than Hansel & Gretel. Here Atli does indeed craft a beautiful mythological soundscape, but he infuses a sense of wonder and scope into it. There is an edge of mystery and magic behind the music. The score is wonderfully thematic, melodic and ultimately engaging.  The opening theme sets the stage for the wonderful journey that follows. I mentioned crafting a mythology, and the score does indeed do that. The music feels solely part of the world that the movie exists in, and that's important. It gives the listener a grounding quality for the characters in the setting. The music's approach utilizes high-energy melodies and choral arrangements to give it a large scope. The action is also executed in pure &Ouml;rvarsson style. &Ouml;varsson's scores all have this pulsating energy that drives them, and Mortal Instruments continues that. He can build tracks to great effect to give them an epic fantasy scope. The choral work in the score is definitely one of the main draws. It's not as deep and brooding as say Lord Of The Rings, which Shore used to create darkness and impending doom. Here the chorus has enough weight to give it substance yet light enough to keep it ethereal and mystical. The music really ramps up in energy and intensity in the final act, and there are some fantastic action tracks. Electronics are used to give the music the hard modern edge it needs, but we still keep that other worldly mysticism all the way through to the end.  The Mortal Instruments: City Of Bones is some of Atli &Ouml;rvarsson's best thematic work and it's a fantastically engaging score. The music is high-energy, but it also packs a lot of that grand fantasy to make the soundscape truly unique. &Ouml;rvarsson's pulsating style works incredibly well here, and the choral arrangements really make a dramatic impact in the music. I've been a huge fan of Atli's music since the beginning of his career, and it's been great to see his sound gain strength over the years. Mortal Instruments is a wonderful example of &Ouml;rvarsson's thematic sensibilities and pulsating action stylings.", 'I discovered Dave Seaman two years ago when he joined the highly touted DJs starring in Renaissance\'s&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Masters-Series/dp/B000E9X798/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Masters Series</a>.  His volume of that series is perhaps one of the greatest progressive house albums I\'ve heard in a long, long time, so I started moving backwards to see where this man came from.  From his extensive history I picked out this set, released five years prior to the Renaissance album of his I love so much (and ten years after he released his first album under&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mixmag/dp/B000003QM0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mixmag</a>).  It would be interesting, I thought, to see how his sytle had evolved.  The first disc starts inauspiciously with a neutered version of "Humanity" by A Guy Called Gerald.  Normally a deep, tribal track, Seaman slices the low ends in half and stretches out the ambivalent backgrounds.  The rhythm section is still there, almost urgently, but it clashes, fast under slow.  I dwell on it here because, as the intro to his set, it sets the tone for what falters about the rest of the record.  Seaman tries to waver between lanky trance beats and their grittier bedroom buddies (tribal and lo-fi funk), but the result is uneven.  A better start would\'ve been his second track, Minimalistics "Struggle For Pleasure," and its luscious slide into the third track, a dirty dancing duo between Quaye\'s "Spiritualized" and Marcel\'s "The Path."  Although it takes the oomph out of the set-up, it sets up a more consistent (and more satisfying) house-lounge mood.  Too bad it doesn\'t stay consistent.  Imagine putting on a Sounds of the Sea relaxation record, and just as you\'re about to fall asleep, you hear the "Aarr, me matey!" of a pirate.  Sure, technically it\'s a sound of the sea, but out of place, none the less.  Likewise, Seaman\'s deep, dreamy mood setting is overthrown by more than a few cuts that can\'t stay in place.  His mixes of Moby\'s "Southside," the Science Department\'s "Breathe," and the final three tracks aren\'t bad per se, but they ride the line between distant trance and cheesy house repetitiveness.  The few shining spots in this line-up ("Janeiro" and "Void") do little to distract from the otherwise dismissable dull around them.  Disc Two is a lot more aggressive, and more cohesive as a result.  The start-up, Loafer\'s "Travelogue" is an aptly titled head-trip trance track that leads deliciously into a five-track block of deep house beauty that, while not astounding, is bound to get you to close your eyes and shake one or more parts of your body.  This is where you see the Seaman-to-come, the atmospheric rumbles of something that is equal parts storm cloud and tectonic plate.  Seaman loses the thread, though, as soon as "Love Like Sleep" engages the wheels with its eye-rolling vocal track (sorry, Terra Deva) and its over-done backbeat.  Even though this is preceded by a well-pared Junkie XL piece, it\'s clear the aural plot is still off-track somewhere, especially when the closing number, Way Out West\'s earnest "Mindcircus," unspools.  A lovely number in and of itself, it doesn\'t bookend the set well, making you wonder if you didn\'t just hear the ending to a completely different album.  With glints of the brilliance to come, Seaman\'s DESIRE doesn\'t fullfill so much as it does betoken.  Notable for those seeking an introduction to the man, but you\'re better off checking out his later offerings.', 'I can\'t believe I spent $18 on this remaster. This is supposed to be A SPECIAL EDITION CD REMASTER, but the fidelity is so horrible. It sounds like they attempted to make a "modern," "extra-loud" version but they obliterated all the magic and soul of the original recordings. I am frankly disgusted.  "A Walk Across the Rooftops" is one of my favorite albums of all time. As to Wikipedia appropriately puts it, this album "was noted for its use of empty space and detailed separation of each musical instrument, designed to showcase the Linn hi-fi equipment to best effect." Whoever was pulling the strings on this remaster had no concept of this. They crushed it (compressed it) likely in order to make it come through Spotify, iTunes, laptop speakers and earbuds immediately "louder." They also totally hyped Paul\'s vocals to the point at which they are so abrasive and distracting that I could not even finish listening to the album.  Congratulations mastering engineer (or record label), you followed convention and trend and gave no consideration to the fact that the target audience of this remaster MIGHT ACTUALLY WANT DYNAMICS. If anyone from the label is reading this, my gosh, PLEASE PLEASE remaster this. I am die-hard Blue Nile fan, but I am not even going to pay 18 dollars for a bunch of hyped/crushed bonus tracks. I will stick to the beautiful jazz/classical-esque dynamics of the original masters. I remember the first time I heard this album. It was an dream-like, ethereal listening experience unlike any I\'d ever had before. I remember falling asleep to this album on numerous train rides throughout Europe. Everything I fell in love with is gone on this new remaster, and no I am not a purist. It is truly that bad. Anyone with a copy of the old masters and a decent set of headphones or stereo will agree with me.', 'Eight discs-75,73,74,73,74,74,73,73-minutes each approximately.  The sound overall is good to very good.  There\'s a pleasant feeling of warmth in the mixes, that has transferred from the original vinyl from years ago.  Each disc is in a separate jewel case, and all the cases slip into a box, open at one end.  The box itself is either flimsy cardboard or heavy paper stock, depending on how you want to look at it.  There\'s no notes whatsoever except for a list of song titles, composer (s), time, and date, inside the paper title card for each disc.  Curiously, there\'s a list of artists on the bottom of the box-not the best place.  But this is the budget UK  version of this set that was released a while ago.  And the eight discs can still be purchased individually-but this is a better way to go if you\'re really interested in this music.  One good thing is this release has the correct takes of several songs, which in early releases used incorrect versions.  It\'s nice Warner/Rhino UK fixed the problem and owned up to it.  With music this great, where do you start?  This collection takes in a lot of fine music (from 1947-1974) that Atlantic Records released, not only to hopefully make some money, but also because the people who ran the company genuinely loved the music.  Atlantic was one of the labels that was a cornerstone of r&b for many years.  There were a number of other companies releasing r&b, but because this music was truly close to their musical hearts, they had more than their fair share of great artists for a number of years.  You can either skip around to your favorite artist/era, or sit down and listen to it chronologically (as I do), which gives a good feel for how the music morphed from greasy, hot, jumping, good time music, to a slightly more refined  sound over the years.  The era of this set brings in jazz, "race", be-bop, pure r&b, and soul musics, and gives a good look at how the music came to popularity in the bars on jukeboxes, on the radio, and then, in middle America\'s homes on 45rpm singles.  The long time fan/collector will recognize a number of songs that were popular/famous over the years, but it\'s the songs by artists like Joe Morris, Don Covay, Willis Jackson, and others that, for whatever reason, didn\'t receive a lot (if any) airplay on the radio, at least on a national level.  From hot, bouncing instrumentals (Frank Culley\'s "Cole Slaw", "Gator\'s Groove" by Willis Jackson for example), to more refined sounding arrangements (The Bobette\'s "Mr. Lee", "The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face" by Roberta Flack), this is a fine overview  from one of the best labels of the period.  A lot of well known artists are represented here-Ruth Brown, Professor Longhair, Joe Turner, Ray Charles, The Drifters, The Coasters, Ben E. King, Otis Redding, Wilson Pickett, Sam & Dave, Aretha Franklin, and The Spinners-just to name a few.  Along with these come many lesser known artists-like Tiny Grimes, Stick McGhee, Joe Morris, Willis Jackson, Tommy Ridgley, The Cookies, Ivory Joe Hunter, The Mar-Keys, The Falcons, Chris Kenner, Esther Phillips, Barbara Lewis, Don Covay, Eddie Floyd, and Major Lance, and all deliver some very fine r&b, as well as give this set some depth.  This collection can, first and foremost, be enjoyed for the great music it contains.  But it can also be used as a gateway to more great music from these artists or, perhaps, others from other labels.  Any way you hear this collection, it\'s a fine set of r&b which belongs in anyone\'s library of great music.  This style of music was truly popular for about the same period (more or less)of this collection, before people moved on to something else.  With this set you can relive an important, exciting era of music in America.  If this music doesn\'t get your foot to tapping, or occasionally choke your heart-check your pulse.', 'KILROY WAS HERE...  The album has toiled under the weight of its results. The band, which had irreparably fractured 4 years earlier, fell apart "with one finger up in the air." Intractable as the feelings were then, the legacy has remained as staunchly overwrought. The end result is that the greatness of this album actually being less than the sum of its parts.  KILROY WAS HERE was not actually the album that destroyed the band. CORNERSTONE owns that dubious distinction for it was the first album in which the band wrote songs and arranged them as the writers deemed fit. It was the first album in which all band members did not assist in the creation and arrangement of the songs. To a large degree Cornerstone became the first in a devolving process where in STYX fell from being a band to being a collection of 5 remarkably talented musicians performing as solo artists under the bands name. KLIROY WAS HERE was the climax (or anti-climax if you wish) of that disintegration of the once incredible band STYX.  KILROY WAS HERE might have been a truly great album if Dennis DeYoung would have released it as a solo album or even under a pseudonym. There are several incredibly wonderful songs on this album, JUST GET THROUGH THIS NIGHT and HAVEN\'T WE BEEN HERE BEFORE stand the test of time as being among the most beautiful and soulful of STYX songs to have ever graced a disc. COLD WAR and DON\'T LET IT END could have found themselves on any STYX album and not have been out of place (albeit with some better cohesiveness among band members in the arrangements.) I would argue that the guitar work and vocals are better than on most of the tracks on PARADISE THEATRE.  A few of the songs are just silly. While the concept was valiant, the remainder of the band was not heartfelt in their support and it showed in the lack of creativity and instrumentation throughout the individual tracks. Very little of Dennis DeYoungs\' or James Youngs\' songs seemed unique or complex in their structuring or instrumentation (not unlike some of the tracks from CORNERSTONE.)  During STYX halcyon days, each of the bands five members contributed more than their two cents worth as they chiseled out the songs. This method was brought back during the recording of the brilliant CYCLORAMA album. However, a prolonged rhythm bridge was never introduced or a chorus from a previously penned song was never suggested, let alone melded into the final master tape which was released as KILROY WAS HERE.  STYX was known for such an ethereal harmony, played with incredible meticulousness, that was almost unmatched within the annals of rock and roll. Not even YES (while instrumentally superior) could match the soulfulness of the songwriting and vocal talents of STYX. STYX was a band of such mesmerizing sound and unity that Jack Black (who holds the band in unmatched reverence) once stated that it would be impossible for him to imagine playing with because of the sound being "too magical." But, as the band broke apart, the songs suffered.  KILROY WAS HERE, as an album, suffered the most. Had Dennis DeYoung wrote and recorded the album as a solo project, who knows how history might have remembered the album? Had Tommy and the band continued, who can argue that STYX would have regained its lost magic? The album became a microcosm of the band itself... immense talent, incredible potential, all lost under the weight of self-centered, egotistical and misguided totalitarianism imposed upon a rebellious minded population that surrendered to the control of the despot and ultimately imploded. We can only thank Johnathan Chance for standing up against the tyranny and fueling the opportunity for the band members to escape, with the footsteps ultimately leading down to the re-structured STYX of today.  And lest we never forget, if the songs were as bad as some would like to remember, the strong minded band members would have protested sufficiently to have insured that the songs would not have been recorded. JY, Chuck, John and even Tommy found enough to add their contributions without too much protest (let alone firing Dennis DeYoung). And STYX today does offer snippets of plaudits to the album every now and then within their concerts and even their studio recordings. [Tommy Shaw had a picture of a ROBOTO mask within the liner notes of his heralded 1998 solo album 7 DEADLY ZENS, and STYX included numerous samples from KILROY WAS HERE within the 1999 BRAVE NEW WORLD album.)  In summation, KILROY WAS HERE, albeit much maligned (and deservedly so) is still a great album filled with great songs performed by great musicians... KILROY WAS HERE, however, cannot be regarded as a great STYX album, as the band was torn asunder as far back as 1979. KILROY WAS HERE was an evolution of that disintegration... it was a paradoxical release of a band that was no more.', 'I would buy this album even at full price.  It is that good!!  I love the selections, except that I would have chosen a different piece from Bioshock.  I love the fact that there is finally a quality album with more current game themes on it.  I am and have always been a connoisseur or soundtracks and movie themes.  Recently, as game soundtracks have become more epic, I have been trying to collect more of them.  This is the perfect collection of video game themes.  I would have hoped for the inclusion of Gears of War, but we can\'t have everything.  I will just have to add it myself.  Most notable is surprisingly the "Angry Birds" theme.  This has been arranged so perfectly that it has a very full and epic sound to it. Other notables are: Advent Rising (one of the best gaming soundtracks to this day), the theme from GTA 4, Splinter Cell: Conviction, and one of my personal favorites... the theme from Battlefield 2.  These themes have been recreated and sometimes even made better with loving care by the outstanding London Philharmonic.  If you are a gamer than you absolutely must have this album... Even at full price!!', 'I\'ve taken a different - or at least partially opposing point of view regarding this album than a number of my friends.  Initially, I, must admit I was slightly disappointed, expecting something more . . . but it is fast (very fast) growing on me.  I have to laugh at some public forum comments on this artist as being "Male Netrebko."  Most early major label recordings of any artist always feature them in too familiar works pitting them against the memories (real or imagined) of one\'s favorite singers and the incomparable manner in which they sang such chestnuts.  However, the fact remains that Kaufmann is actually singing some of these roles and I think, ultimately for both voice and career, he is being absolutely wise in his choice of repertoire and keeping the voice flexible, fresh and free.  What a Tannhauser he will make with that sound.  Ditto Parsifal, Lohengrin and . . . well, I\'m jumping ahead of myself.  The primary reason I think this album is growing on me, however, is that I absolutely LOVE the rather considerable contrast he brings to roles when compared to more "typical" Rodolfos, Fausts, des Grieuxs, Marios and Alfredos.  We\'re living in a magical time for light/lyric tenors but, even despite their distinct sounds and interpretations, they prove to have more uniform timbres presenting less wholly original dramatic spectrum in these roles.  I love the individual stamp that any singer can bring to these roles and for that reason am thrilled that as fine and intelligent singer as Herr Kaufmann is he seems to invest something unusual into each of his assignments.  For this alone, he rises to the top of the current "youngish" brood.  (For something truly wonderful check out the youtubes of Kaufmann in some of his operetta selections.  Wunderbar!)  To these ears, his French and Italian sound fine, if a bit more idiosyncratic than idiomatic.  Unlike other reviewers, however, I don\'t think this is due so much to his accenting these languages in a native German voice, but rather resulting from his naturally darkish hue as well as the substantial weightiness of his voice.  In these Italian and lighter French selections, I have come to adore the sound of this voice - as well as the odd mixture of ease and intensity that seems to come through everything he interprets.  Kaufmann\'s Rodolfo sounds a bit meatier than we\'ve grown accustomed to - and remains the least successful aria on the  album.  Still, I\'m glad to have it as it\'s aurally intriguing and the likelihood of a studio Boheme with Kaufmann is less than nil, future generations wondering what he might have sounded like get to hear, and (most likely) grateful he ultimately took his considerable gifts into another direction.  Still, I can never get enough of good singers trying their voices out in fachs not distinctly their own, even for the sheer "curiosity shop" factor of it all.  Kaufmann is no less "curious" to me.  Soon enough will he be excelling as Parsifal, Lohengrin, and other heroic German roles.  I\'d love to see/hear him as Max in Freischutz, and some other of the Webber arias that just don\'t get aired enough.  Having Kaufmann in them could probably guarantee some interesting less frequently repertoire choices would sell some seats.  I loved his turn in the new Fierrabras - though the production itself often drove me crazy.  What the hell, I  also want to hear this guy as Peter Grimes - - even if it comes  off as (as Sills used to imitate Koussivetsky) "Paeter und Greimez."  I am looking forward to very many more Kaufmann releases!', "There was always a certain arrogance about Cream.  Even their name proudly trumpets the musical acumen of the three participants.  And in true form, the 2005 concerts are presented not as a reunion, but as the next album.  The problem is that a lot of water has gone under the bridge since 1968.  Some of it has carried Eric Clapton to new heights of super stardom.  But some of it has seen the truly gifted Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker disappear into old age and questionable relevance.  So what we have here, to be blunt, is a superstar who plays like he's desperately avoiding making a mistake, with two band mates whose moment of spotlight was extinguished nearly four decades earlier, but who play like they have nothing to prove.  Bruce, who had only recently suffered a liver transplant, spends a lot of the gig seated, but manages to muster an admirable energy from his pipes.  Baker seems content to fluidly shuffle his way through the material competently, but rarely gives us the flashes of rhythmic mayhem that were his trademark.  It's a mean thing to say, but for much of the gig the drummer could be any decent jazz drummer.  Cream live could be a mixed bag at the best of times.  Where they succeeded for me, were in those moments of pure improvised jazz - like the live Spoonful on Wheels Of Fire - which goes on an incredible journey with the seamless interplay.  It was risky, and sometimes it didn't work.  But that's how it is with risk-taking.  Having said all of that, it's great to see these troupers trot out their old set list.  They don't disgrace themselves by any means, - far from it - but they seem to be content to rest on their laurels a bit.  And that's a shame.", "This is a satirical review from one who listens quite a bit to Mahler's music, to this specific symphony, and believes his music is safe to hear.  Major Mahler listeners risk depression. I do not know anyone who could orchestrate and compose depressing music better. He was just brilliant at it. He could have been Mussorgsky's counselor, and that would take some doing. He appears to be a Jungian dream, a major psyche case. I can just see him sitting with Freud. His music is really taking off as our kids watch horror shows at the movies. With his scintillating Das Lied von der Erde, Mahler skates between life and death and ends up guess where. Tired and out of breath. That's enlightening. But it's fun and its brilliant, and one gets hooked.  Of course, I just love this music and tilt my zany side toward describing it like this. (I am really hooked on a lot of Mahler's amazingly creative music!)Some of his music, as I said, I really have really warmed up to. Some days when the bottom falls out and I feel really like a loser, it's always great to go home and put on some Mahler. And I find he could lament circumstances far more nobly than my pity party. Friends, that's what he does better than anyone else. Try him out and see. Don't try to understand it. Just feel it, and you'll get it.  Whether or not you agree with all that, I love the way Sir John plays this 5th. His conducting reminds me of a pole balancer walking a canyon. Tip this way or that way, and you're gone. Got to balance it. My, Sir John does a great job of balancing this controversial symphony. I don't know anybody who conducts this psyche case music any better. This symphony is brilliant, difficult, and amazing. And Sir John pulls it off. What a devoted performance!  As I indicated, I think the conducting is simply amazing. The committed orchestra plays flat out. And the triumph of this performance squeals out of the cd in probing, convincing doses. I have listened to a lot of performances of this symphony, and I own several different copies of it. However, Sir John's is the most convincing, and the most commendatory I have ever heard of this brilliant neurotic's music. It's too bad Gustav Mahler did not live in the era of Aeschylus. He could have been in some plays.  Get this thing from Amazon.com as soon as you can. Hang on while you enjoy it. Zinggg...with it.", "Absolutely buy this one!  Some people may try to tell you it's not good.  They are wrong, plain and simple.  They read some book.  This is OUTSTANDING!  In my opinion, this is one of the best rock n' roll album ever made by anybody.  Okay, it's 1974 and he's havin' personal issues but the performance is SOLID.  Bowie and the whole band is just raw and powerful.  If you can't feel this one, then you're dead.  It's unique in that each song just flows into the next.  Ronson's solo on Moonnage Daydream will blow you're head off.  I have the actual album but it's so scratched and worn out it's ridiculous, who plays vinyl?  Okay, people who were not alive the first time around... never-mind.  This is the THIRD time I have purchased this CD.  It keeps walking off.  Yes, it is so good that my friends steal it from me.  Enuff said.  Buy it!", 'Make no mistake: Black Sabbath invented heavy metal as a genre.  Sure, one could technically say Iron Butterfly\'s "Inna Gadda Davidda" was the first metal song per se, but that song was essentially a novelty, a one-off by a band which was more akin to a harder-edged version of the Doors, which just happened to hit upon the right combination of baroque melodies, lurching note intervals, and thick distortion on this one song for it to be metal\'s first appearance.  While the mainstream media consistently and mistakenly refers to Led Zeppelin as metal, and some metal puritans claim metal wasn\'t invented until Judas Priest\'s "Sad Wings of Destiny" (or even as late as Iron Maiden\'s first album circa 1980), Black Sabbath were clearly the first band to consistently create what to this day can be called metal.  Sure, the first album\'s sound owes some of its lineage to Cream (compare the drumming in the verses of "Black Sabbath" to "We\'re Going Wrong", or the insistent riffing and elastic bass of "N.I.B." to "Sunshine of Your Love"), but something.....HAPPENED when that first album was recorded that removed the music from the blue-rock/blues-based hard rock arena, and made it something that no one had heard before.  Of course, the music press critics hated it from the get-go, as Sabbath committed the cardinal sin of offending the blues/jazz/rock \'n roll purism that was essential to pop/rock critic orthodoxy, and made the mistake of having no desire to be subtle, but also having musical ambition.  Black Sabbath were the masters of non-subtlety: they actually made it work in their favor, and made their direct approach sound like a force of nature.  "The Black Box" is a collection of the first 8 albums Black Sabbath released, all of which had the classic Ozzy Osbourne/Tony Iommi/Geezer Butler/Bill Ward lineup.  My Sabbath collection, like many, consisted of myriad bargain-basement, bare-bones tapes and CD releases- the kind with no liner notes, that you might find sold at a truck stop.  The sound quality across these releases was atrocious, often birthed from 3rd generation copies of the master tapes.  "The Black Box" remedies this, as it was drawn from the original master tapes, and apparently supervised by the band itself.  I can\'t compare this accurately to either the Castle 90\'s remasters or Universal 2009 remasters that are often discussed in terms of which version is best.  What I can tell you is that overall, the sound quality is very good, and not nearly as compressed and "harsh" as some of the audiophile obsessives from the "SH forums" might lead you to believe.  There are some moments, most noticeably on Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, where the mastering runs a tad too hot, but there\'s no real "brickwalling" going on here.  The instruments are clearly reproduced, and details emerge that were lost on the older CD issues, thanks to a much fuller, less muffled sound.  In addition, prior issues with channels cutting out on "War Pigs", "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath", or "Hole in the Sky" have been corrected.  In addition to the 8 albums, there is a 4 song DVD, and a velvet-covered hardcover booklet, which includes almost all the lyrics.  The CDs are contained in individual digipacks with cover art, in turn housed in 2 open-ended small boxes.  The albums:  Black Sabbath: The band\'s debut still remains stunning to this day, with the title track showcasing staples of metal: use of the tritone and half-step intervals, alternating sections of heaviness and lightness, fast, palm-muted note-playing, and variations in tempo.  Tracks like "The Wizard" and "Behind the Wall of Sleep" may have roots in blues and blues-rock, but the band always took it one step further, with staccato, precision-based playing, and chord progressions that defied blues cliches.  Oh, and the tambourine that kicks in on "N.I.B." and "The Warning" manages to evoke a bit of R&B nostalgia that I can\'t resist.  The sound quality tends towards bright, but isn\'t thin. This version is notable for including both "Wicked World" and "Evil Woman", as opposed to the old US and UK versions, which only included one of those songs on each respective version.  Overall, the music on this album clearly still has roots in the music of the 1960s, but whereas Led Zeppelin still constrained itself from departing too much from more "traditional" rock, Sabbath clearly wasn\'t concerned about confusing the listener.  Paranoid: If Black Sabbath was the first proper heavy metal album, Paranoid, released less than a half a year later, was where the band really started to define the rules of the genre.  Slow doomy riffing ("Hand of Doom", "Electric Funeral", "Iron Man") shares space with one of the first speed-oriented metal classics, "Paranoid" (which predated Deep Purple\'s own metallish speed-fest "Highway Star"), an almost jazzy instrumental number ("Rat Salad"), and a spaced out psychadelic number ("Planet Caravan") contribute to what many consider their definitive work.  The bluesy jamming found on "The Warning" had been reigned in on this album, replaced with tight discipline and sizzling, buzzing guitar in tracks such as "War Pigs" and "Fairies Wear Boots".  In addition, the first album\'s "occult atmosphere for its own sake" approach was exchanged for a dose of social commentary, albeit through an apocalyptic lense.  While "black masses", "the Hand of God", and Satan are referenced, this is done in the service of making social commentary about war and greed.  This album essentially launched the careers of myriad heavy bands, from Alice in Chains to Iron Maiden, by establishing the sound of the metal genre.  The sound quality on this release has a much fuller-sounding mix than before (the bass is actually audible!), albeit with a few moments where the sound comes a bit close to clipping.  Master of Reality: The band releases another seminal treatise on the rules of heavy metal, with an even heavier, murkier sound than before.  Nobody was really doing what Sabbath was doing at that time- not Blue Cheer, not Dust, not Sir Lord Baltimore.  While everyone is familiar with the drugged out sludge of "Sweet Leaf", Master of Reality saw the band honing the speed of "Paranoid" into one of the earliest songs to use the "metal gallop", "Children of the Grave", and using distortion and down-picking during the verses of "Into the Void" to essentially pave the way for "extreme metal".  It was about this time that Tony Iommi started tuning his guitar down several steps in the studio.  This is also the album where the band very consciously back-tracked from any "occultist/Satanist" veneer they may have allowed, by writing expressly pro-Christian songs such as "After Forever" and the doom metal masterpiece "Lord of This World".  The band did take a cue from Led Zeppelin insofar as they deliberately sought to create more "light and shade", by placing atmospheric, quieter tracks like "Solitude" and the acoustic instrumental "Orchid" between the heavier numbers.  This release is a major improvement in terms of sound quality over prior versions; you can actually hear cymbals clearly now!  Volume 4: Having established themselves as a real staying power, Black Sabbath decided to invest more time making their next record, and bring more variety into their sound while still remaining the world\'s then-heaviest band.  Volume 4 saw the band expanding its sound: "Changes" was their most commercial sounding song to date, a ballad (later tragically defiled by Ozzy\'s daughter in an ill-conceived 2005 remake) that eschewed guitars and drums for a piano and mellotron (played by Iommi and Butler), while Laguna Sunrise was a beautiful acoustic instrumental with a lush orchestral accompaniment.  Conversely, "Cornucopia" and "Under the Sun" were grindingly heavy and fuzzed out.  The epic "Wheels of Confusion" and "Snowblind" both saw the band trying to achieve a greater level of grandeur and complexity, while "Supernaut" sought to bring a bit of positive vibe to a sound that was focused on darkness.  The band\'s ambition may have exceeded their ability to execute it to their satisfaction; the muddled production and somewhat sloppy playing reflected the band\'s overindulgence in the decadent side of 1970s hard rock.  That being said, this album is still an absolute classic.  In terms of sound, this remaster is hard to peg, as the noticeably clearer high-end definition comes at the price of a somewhat less robust lower-midrange/bass response.  Sabbath Bloody Sabbath: The connoisseur\'s Black Sabbath album, SBS doesn\'t really boast much in the way of songs well-known to the mainstream, but it may well contain some of the band\'s most well-arranged and performed music.  By 1973, an initial wave of other talented bands playing what could be safely called early metal were emerging, in the form of bands such as Queen, Budgie, UFO, Blue Oyster Cult, and Judas Priest, some of which were blending Sabbath\'s raw riffery with progressive and pop influences.  SBS showed the band rising to the occasion, with the band members utilizing their full instrumental repertoires (synths, piano, mellotrons, flutes), using an orchestra again, and even pulling in Rick Wakeman of Yes to help out.  The title track alternates between crushing heaviness and jazzy clean guitar during the verses, before impacting with a 10-ton downtuned section, and a fast-paced chaotic outro.  "Sabbra Caddabra", "A National Acrobat" and "Killing Yourself To Live" showcased varied segments within the songs, played with more confidence and precision than had been the case on the preceding album.  Meanwhile, "Looking For Today" ironically looked back to the late 60s, essentially marrying metal with the Moody Blues, with a rather prominent, recurring flute part layered over acoustic guitars and organ, contrasting with the heavy guitars dominating other parts of the song.  While the sound quality is improved over the deteriorated, intermittent sound of prior versions, it also occasionally strays into clipping.  Sabotage: If songs like the soaring, orchestrated "Spiral Architect" from Sabbath Bloody Sabbath indicated the band was heading into a more "sunny" direction, their next album, Sabotage, mostly refuted that impression.  The guitars were much heavier and crunchier than ever before, with the chaotic "Hole in the Sky" leading off the album with a grinding assault on the senses.  And if "Symptom of the Universe" balanced its proto-thrash first two-thirds with a light-spirited acoustic guitar `n maracas outro section, the rest of the album was almost oppressive in its darkness.  Despite the band\'s assertions of "getting back to rock", Sabbath continued to layer its sound with keyboards, choirs, synths and atmospherics, and made their songs more elaborately structured (half of the songs on the album were between 6 and 10 minutes in length).  Sprawling, nightmarish songs like "Megalomania" and "The Writ" were filled with a world-weary, visceral menace that bordered on desperation, a reflection of the band\'s increasing internal and external pressures.  Despite the band\'s problems, Sabotage\'s complex song structures would help lay the foundations for prog-metal, even if it took Rush\'s "2112" to really establish that subgenre.  Technical Ecstasy: Despite being slagged by fans as one the weakest Ozzy-era albums, Technical Ecstasy actually is mostly a very good piece of work, even if it doesn\'t quite reach the heights of the first 6 albums.  "Gypsy"is a superb piece of goth-metal that starts off sounding almost happy, but suddenly takes a surprisingly dark turn, while "You Won\'t Change Me" incorporates a rather morbid-sounding organ effectively.  While Bill Ward\'s "It\'s Alright" gets a lot of flack for its Beatle-esque pop approach, it\'s a much better song than what could possibly be Sabbath\'s first bona-fide stinker (not counting "FX" of course!), "Rock `N Roll Doctor", a clumsy attempt to sound like Slade.  This album was where it became clear that the magic of the first Sabbath lineup wouldn\'t last forever.  Still, it\'s hard to fault an album with a song like the epic closer "Dirty Women".  Never Say Die: By 1978, Sabbath\'s dominance in the metal genre was being successfully challenged.  Judas Priest had managed to take the heavy, gothic sound Sabbath had invented, and successfully graft Deep Purple\'s virtuosity and speed on top of it.  Halford and company had essentially forged the next iteration of the genre, and were steadily ascending (1978 would see the release of both "Stained Class" and "Hell Bent For Leather").  Meanwhile, Black Sabbath was imploding, with Ozzy quitting and then rejoining.  The resulting album, Never Say Die, was sort of a mess, and it seemed as if the band had no idea what direction to go in.  Ozzy sounds disengaged and out of tune on tracks such as the title cut and "Johnny Blade".  While there\'s some quality to be found in eclectic experiments such as "Air Dance" and "Over to You", much of the album sounds like a band without focus or enthusiasm (e.g. the woeful faux-jazz instrumental "Breakout").  The album isn\'t awful per se, but it underperforms by far compared to all its predecessors.  At the end of the day, the Black Box collection succeeds in documenting the true birth of heavy metal, in suitably improved fidelity.  While Led Zeppelin may have preceded (and even influenced to some small extent) Black Sabbath\'s mutation of blues-rock by a close margin, the mighty Zeppelin\'s body of work was too diffuse an entity to really lay claim to being heavy metal, which isn\'t an insult by any means to either group.  Sabbath may have been less sophisticated, eclectic, and broad-ranging in its appeal, but their more focused goal of blazing a new trail, beyond the more traditional forms of music Zeppelin adhered to, helped lay the foundation for a style of music that can easily co-exist with the broader, more accessible realm of hard rock that Zeppelin pioneered.', "I got misled by this album. I had the vinyl edition of James Last's Seduction in the 1980s. I wanted a CD rendition of this album. So when I saw this on Amazon, without any song titles listed, I assumed this was the 1980s album. Instead I found two discs with mostly popular music from the 1960s to 1980s, with only three of the titles of the previous album. This was NOT James Last's Seduction that was on my LP. It was a different album. The error that James Last made here was to give this album the same name as the older one. You can't do that. You will cause confusion. The music was good to listen to, for the most part. The version of Good Morning Starshine had interesting harmonies, although it was somewhat draggy. Cherry Pink and Apple Blossom White was pretty much as I heard it when I was a teenager. Some interesting songs but for the most part old stuff. I had to get my original album by downloading each of the songs on it and putting them together to create a CD that duplicated my original vinyl record. That album had more original songs and to me is a valuable oldie.", '"More Johnny\'s Greatest Hits" was released in 1959 and sold very well during the vinyl era.  Part of why I know this album so well is that "More Johnny\'s Greatest Hits", sometime  in 1960 or 1961,was a "Selection of the Month" for the Columbia Record Club.  My Dad was a club member and we ended up listening to this album a lot on his high-end component stereo system which included a Garrard Type A changer, Shure M99 cartridge, Harman/Kardon tube AM/FM stereo receiver and custom speakers in a custom console cabinet.  Johnny\'s singing is first-rate, the musical arrangements and scoring are exquisite, and the backup orchestra plays wonderfully.  Songs on the album include hauntingly beautiful renditions of "A Certain Smile", "Stairway to the Sea" and "Small World".  Other songs demonstrate Johnny\'s versatility, such as "You Are Beautiful" from the musical "Flower Drum Song".  The song "Teacher, Teacher" is notable for an amazingly jazzy orchestral backup.  This CD exactly follows the track sequence of the 1959 LP release, and there are no bonus tracks.  The album is just over 30 minutes which was common in the day.  The album features a bright, resonant sound because it was recorded in the famous Columbia Records 30th Street Studios, a converted church sanctuary with phenomenal acoustics for recording.  Hundreds of Columbia LP albums were recorded at 30th Street, and they bear that uniquely expansive and bold acoustic signature.  One curious note:  Although the title suggests that the tracks had already been released and had been major hits, these songs were all brand-new and had not been released prior to this album\'s appearance.  It\'s a mystery why Columbia titled this album "Greatest Hits".  Nonetheless, this is one of my very favorite pop-music albums of middle-of-the-road "torch singing" - it\'s the aural equivalent of familiar comfort food, and I cherish this CD release.  If you grew up listening to this album, consider buying this particular release since it includes each and every song from the original album and in the exact play sequence as the "six-eye" Stereo Fidelity LP or the "Guaranteed High Fidelity" monaural release.  Enjoy!']
['This is cool. I have a pretty big collection of mainly rock but I\'d never heard of this guy. Until that is Bob Dylan\'s radio show. I went hunting for the cut I\'d heard which was "The Same Thing Could Happen to You". I found a version by Steve Marriner, that was countrified & rock-a-billy. This was sort of the arrangement that Lester did only his was blues & rock-a-billy. I found the disc here on Amazon and saw that it was on Ace. There is no better label out there for resurrecting 50s & early 60s rock.  I don\'t usually listen to things when I first get them. (I just opened and listened to Approved by the Motors that I bought in 1978,) I do get to them within a couple of months usually. This one I was anticipating with a desire to see what the rest of Lester\'s songs sounded like. Blues-a-billy is what it is and I love it.  It probably isn\'t for those who thrive solely on the likes of Big Bill Broonzy or Robert Johnson. But if you can listen to them and, say Carl Perkins in the same sitting and enjoy it, them pick this up. You\'ll be quite happy with the purchase.', "If Jimi Hendrix played Jazz fusion, this album is what you would have heard from him.  BAREFOOT BOY was recorded in 1971, and it rocks.  Throughout the album Coryell's guitar screams, sings, and explodes in a shower of shimmering audio fireworks. Leads are shared with Steve Marcus on sax, who stayed with Coryell on into the Eleventh House band.  Together they float over a soundscape of thick percussion, congas and drums.  Mervin Bronson locks down the bass, with a driving groove, that doesn't wander far from the home plate. The piano work for HIGHER CONSCOUSNESS is provided by Mike Mandel, who also joined the ELEVENTH HOUSE band. (This album is an ELEVENTH HOUSE album in all but name.)  The album opens with Szabo's GYPSY QUEEN, recorded not long after SANTANA recorded the same song on ABRAXAS. Marcus' sax takes the head, all hypnotic repetitions over a thick bed of Latin percussion.  Coryell plays his ax with fire and air coursing thru his fingers, at times erupting into psychedelic abandon very reminiscent of Hendrix on his BEST nights.  After that modal workout, you land into THE GREAT ESCAPE, which is again a riff oriented, boogie song. Coryell holds back a bit more, or rather remains a bit more melodic, hammering on the three chords which form the backbone of the jam tune. Which brings us to the epic CALL TO THE HIGHER CONSCOUSNESS.  Whoa, boy! The yearning, almost bluesy vibe you get from the circular four chords, would be boring in the hands of lesser musicians. However, the sax, guitar and piano weave in and out of each other, as the song opens up Coryell's inner universe, to merge with the higher conscousness of their group mind. With the heavy percussion, the excellent piano reiterating the harmonic colors, and the driving bass part, Coryell creates for himself a 20 minute canvas, to stretch out his melodic lines, and to exchange ideas with the sax and piano. The only flaw on HIGHER CONSCOUSNESS was Coryell's decision to allow the drummer Roy Haynes to take an extended solo.  Not that he plays poorly--I just cant stand drum solos.  Overall, I wouldn't say this album was quite as psychedelic as LADY CORYELL, where the guitar lines were often overdubbed up to six layers deep.  However, due to the extended, improvisational, LIVE feel of most of this album, it does sound like it could have been recorded at the Filmore.  I rarely buy any jazz or rock album, and listen to it front to back. However, not only did I listen to this album FRONT TO BACK the first time I played it, I played it straight thru the second night. The album is fascinating. Unlike the more experimental, atonal vibes you get with some early fusion (EMERGENCY, WEATHER REPORT), or the eastern raga rock influences of other fusion bands (MAHAVISHNU ORCHESTRA, EMBRYO), Larry Coryell balances his influences of Jimi Hendrix, and Santana, with more traditional jazz guitarists such as Gabor Szabo, or Jim Hall.  He sounds as far out as 1972 Jerry Garcia, without the noodling, or lost trains of thought. He's as fluid as Jeff Beck, without the breakneck speed for speed's sake. He's as intense as jazz-period Zappa, but without the Dadaist, avant guarde guitar lines. If you think this sort of music sounds appealing, I URGE you to get this album, before it goes back out of print. For what its worth, ALL MUSIC GUIDE awarded this title five stars, and also recommended it as a first pick for CORYELL newbies. However, the BEST OF CORYELL CDs that are floating around by Vanguard records don't include any of these songs.  So whether you're a Coryell fan already, or you just dig great instrumental jazz rock guitar, grab a copy of BAREFOOT BOY.  You'll be blown away.", "Here's pretty much all you need to know about Third Eye Blind (the band and the album):  * Not a whole lot of diversity in either the lyrics or overall sound.  You've heard one song, you've heard...well at least two-thirds of them.  The good news is that there's no chance that they'll be completely crippled by a grossly uncharacteristic hit like Butterfly or Who Let The Dogs Out.  The bad news is that the Nickelback comparisons start to creep in.  * The big hits are pretty much the big hits.  There are thre of them here (Semi-Charmed Life, Jumper, How's It Going to Be), more than the one or two that most albums have.  Unfortunately, nothing else really jumps out and grabs you.  * What's really holding this band back is the singing.  I know that I've harped on singers in the past, but the fact is that a voice that isn't crisp or doesn't have a lot of range really limits what the band can do artistically.  * On the positive side, these are good performances.  You can see some creative effort here (that you'd never see from Nickelback), and there's a nice mix of hard and soft, fast and slow, even if it all sounds roughly the same.  * And of course, the relatively daring subject matter, including suicide (always a touchy subject).  Put it all together, and unfortunately, I just cannot *quite* give this a thumbs-up (although 3 stars is hardly a thumbs down...yo, Amazon, the MIDDLE is not negative!).  There just isn't enough here and not enough listenability in the non-hit tracks.  If anything, I consider this good background music, or at least something you can listen to in the car too and from work without getting even more riled up than you are from the traffic.", "Midler's second greatest hits effort, Jackpot!, was first available only at her Vegas show, The Showgirl Must Go On, until it later got a wide commercial release.  Mostly an extension/updated version of her first greatest hits, Experience The Divine, Jackpot! does add a couple tracks her first greatest hits was missing, and an absolutely stunning previously unreleased track, Something Your Heart Has Been Telling Me.  The song is up there with some of the best stuff Bette has ever released.  The production and vocals are flawless and soothing.  All the greats and classics are here, The Rose, Wind Beneath My Wings, From A Distance, Do You Want To Dance, Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy, When A Man Loves A Woman, Friends, Hello In There, all on her first greatest hits.  New appearances include In The Mood (finally something from her classic #6 hit second album Bette Midler), Beast of Burden (from her extremely underrated 1983 rock album No Frills), I've Still Got My Health, Baby Mine, and the glorious Glory of Love (all from the Beaches Soundtrack), Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me) from 2000's Bette, and work from her newer albums Sings The Rosemary Clooney Songbook, This Ole House and Tenderly, and the title track from her splendid Christmas album, the upbeat and fun Cool Yule.  Thankfully Amazon came along with an exclusive version and added My One True Friend, one of Bette's best inspirational ballads ranking up there with Wind Beneath My Wings and The Rose, from her gold certified album Bathhouse Betty.  This song is deserved to be on one of her collections and finally it appears.  For a real treat, look for the import deluxe version of this album.  My One True Friend is omitted but the remix of her #2 dance club hit To Deserve You and one of my personal favorites In My Life from For The Boys are added to the CD.  Plus a second disc, the DVD of her HBO special Diva Las Vegas which has never been officially released until this version.  It's import so you would have to have a region free DVD player.  Having such a long and varied recording career the only way to get a greatest hits right for the divine Bette Midler is to release a double disc album.  There's too many albums and too many great songs that have gotten missed with her two greatest hits efforts.  Although they cover the basics and are great albums, there is so much missing.  Nothing from the albums Songs For The New Depression, Broken Blossom, Thighs and Whispers, Gypsy Soundtrack, Bette Of Roses, Sings The Peggy Lee Songbook appear on either of the hits efforts.  There's so much good stuff from those albums that deserve to be recognized.  Nothing from For The Boys on this album, but In My Life does appear on Experience The Divine.  Nothing from Bette Midler or No Frills on the first greatest hits, but a song from each does appear on this one.  Nothing from Live At Last on this one, but Shiver Me Timbers does appear on Experience The Divine.  To get it right a double disc set needs released so something from every one of her albums can be recognized and give the listener a true representation of what Bette Midler has done for 40 years.", "I got into Progressive Metal about two years ago with Dream Theater's Train of Thought.  Ever since, I have been trying to find bands that provide the same thrill.  With determination, I found two: Symphony X and Vanden Plas.  Now, I have found the fourth band to entering this lofty distinction in my CD collection:  Pagan's Mind.  With Enigmatic: Calling, Pagan's Mind blends almost non-stop energy with excellent musicianship.  The CD starts off strong with The Celestine Prophecy with a repeated sequence of seven crunching cords.  The CD then transcends to the stratosphere with Enigmatic Mission, Supremacy Our Kind and Entrance to Infinity, a three-song back-to-back tour de force.  Enigmatic Mission has a roaring riff with very unique vocals soaring over the top from Nils Rue, who a times reminds me of Ian Gillan and at other times sounds like Graham Bonnet.  The song includes a very flashy guitar solo from Jorn Viggo Lofstad, who for me is the star of this star studded CD.  In style, Jorn reminds me of the best of a hybrid Petrucci/Van Halen.  Supremacy Our Kind may be the most progressive song with several changes in tempo and heaviness.  Entrance to Infinity probably has the most addictive vocal melody.  The lyrics are interesting throughout, all based on alien and cosmic imagery.  Stian Kristoffersen is a maniac drummer - listen to the end of Taken.  Steinar Krokmo lays down an exellent foundation with the six string bass, and Ronny Tegner provides plenty of texture with the keyboards, not to mention several exceptional solos.  With heavy sophisticated riffs, complex arrangements, stunning solos and inhuman vocals, Enigmatic: Calling is a feast for Progressive Metal fans and is in my opinion the best release of the year!", "What can I say about Jim Dandy? Hey y'all this is the man who had influenced the great David Lee Roth. His vocal chord is so unique as if he was chewing tobacco and drinking wine while singing. All songs here are great! The unbeatable Tommy Aldridge is on the drums. Jim Henderson on guitars, Ricky Reynolds on guitars, Pat Daugherty on bass, Stan Knight on guitars. Did I forget someone else?  Songs are;  1. Ramblin' Gamblin' Man  2. Fistful of Love  3. Make That Scene  4. I Can Feel Forever  5. Rock 'N' Roll  6. Great Balls of Fire  7. Just to Fall in Love  8. Leather Angel  9. Storm of Passion  10. All My Troubles  BUY NOW IF YOU'RE A BOA FAN OR A ROCK ENTHUSIAST OR A COLLECTOR!  Get also their album X-RATED. It's their best album for me!", "This album is in my all-time top ten. Vintage Mac, flying at its highest. With this recording, they moved away from the somewhat confining and very derivative straight blues vein, and into some very new and adventurous territory. Peter Green--Peter the Great--demonstrated that he was ready to expand his horizons, and we are lucky for it. Absolutely magnificent singing and songwriting by Pete and Danny Kirwan, and superbly creative and powerful rhythm, as usual, from Mick Fleetwood and John McVie. And the guitar playing? Words cannot do it justice. Green confirms his reputation as one of the most expressive, tasteful, and technically great players of all time. I'm the same age as Peter Green, and I bought this LP when it first came out back in the late sixties. I loved it then, and I love it now. The tunes all hold up extremely well. The full-length version of Oh Well is a song for the ages, a masterpiece of the highest order.  The photo of the band gives me a wistful, bittersweet feeling. On the original LP of course, the photo was reproduced inside the cover at full size, and so you could see more detail. I think I once did a drawing of that photo, mainly because I was so enamored of the music and the band. We were all in our late teens or early twenties, so young, so fit, so strong, full of possibilities, and it was a different world. The guys in the group looked happy and carefree, oblivious to what was to come. I hate drugs, and what they did to Peter Green, how they ravaged him mentally and physically, and robbed him of the stupendous skills he once possessed, which were never higher than on this record. But then again, Peter is still with us, still playing, still touring, and so, even though he is a shadow of what he once was, we can be thankful, and raise a glass to him.  Life takes a toll on all of us, and some of us pay dearly.", "I was so much looking forward to this brand new edition of the spectacular Star Wars music. I was picturing images that looked similar to the Lord of the Rings Complete recordings. But then my dissapointment was complete, when I got the item. The artwork is nice indeed, all of the 2 Disc-CDs covers have the original LP recordings coverarts, but the music has not been further remastered or enhanced non whatsoever. I begin to think, that the best available editions of John Williams's classic are the 1997 RCA Victor editions, which have been digitally remastered and brought to life chronologically, as they are in the films. Since then, the 2004 Sony Classical edition, and then the 2007 edition is the exact same music in the exact same sound quality, which could be better. Maybe the digital technology has it's limits too, and the original 77-80-83 master tapes cannot allow any more enhancing, but I don't think, that the Throne Room and End Title from A New Hope has to sound so scratchy as it does in all of the editions. Why can't they rerecord those tracks, that are in too bad shape to enjoy them perfectly? I'm sure Maestro Williams could find the time to do that with the London Symphony Orchestra. I think, that Sony Classical's love for this absolutely amazing, legendary music is simply not enough to handle it with the passion and dignity it deserves, as the people's, who did with Howard Shore's epic Lord of the Rings trilogy. Compare the two editions with one another, and let them speak for themselves. This is almost outrageous for a true Star Wars music-fan, who (like me)owns all the previous editions of the music. I'm still hoping and waiting for a true collector's edition, and not just of the artwork and packaging, but the MUSIC. That's the most important. Until then, may the Force be with John Williams.", 'Marvel has had a shaky record when it comes to scores for their films, and when I say Marvel I mean Marvel Studios (which excludes Spider-Man and X-Men). Iron Man started off with a bang. They couldn\'t get Hans Zimmer but they got Ramin Djawadi to deliver an amazing score with a strong central theme. It strived in its simplicity and gave Tony Stark his rock star identity. Then with The Incredible Hulk Craig Armstrong while delivering a decent score didn\'t end up making a memorable stamp. The film didn\'t either. Then came Iron Man 2, and what does Marvel do? They toss out Ramin Djawadi and go with Jon Favreau\'s regular John Debney. While I respect Debney his score failed. At times it mimicked Djawadi, but Tony Stark lost his identity and lost everything that made the musical stamp memorable. So, with Kenneth Branagh on board for Thor he was able to bring Patrick Doyle to the project; his long time composer. Some may have questioned Doyle\'s ability to provide a thunderous score that needed to match Thor\'s thunderous personality. Thankfully Doyle rose to the occasion and delivered what is Marvel\'s best score to date. He also did something that till now only Djawadi did for a Marvel character and that was give him an identity.  There are two central themes at play here; what I call the \'heroic\' theme and the \'danger\' theme. One is a sweeping and emotional theme that represents Thor and the other a percussive action styling that makes up the basis of all the action tracks, or whenever danger is present. The soundscape works off of these two sounds and Doyle will usually clash the two to create momentous cues that not only are intense but emotionally gripping. A lot of this comes towards the end though. The beginning of the album is more dedicated to setting up the characters, setting and story. Now you may say "well that\'s obvious." But honestly I have listened to many scores that seem to forget that they too need to set up character, setting and story. Gladly Doyle\'s experience does not let that slip by him. Now that the score is firmly grounded he can create all the variations he wants and it will still feel like a growing continuation of where the journey started. Our first battle cue is "Frost Giant Battle" which has a slightly different feel than say "The Compound", and I love that you can differentiate that these two action scenes take place in different locations solely by the music. In the early cues that percussive intensity completely washes out the heroism factor for just a moment and we forget our main character is a God. As the album concludes the hero theme comes back into play and grows and grows. The full meshing of the percussive action with the sweeping heroism comes with "Thor Kills The Destroyer" and now we have our hero back.  The score is perfectly structured which really allowed me to get completely taken away by it. Patrick Doyle\'s themes are grand without ever being over the top and the simplicity in the melodies allows the music to reach amazing heights. I think Patrick Doyle has just proven himself to be quite a formidable talent in the realm of blockbuster score composers. The fact that the music is a symphonic score really gives it an organic weight that we don\'t hear too often. While I absolutely love synths and electronics in scores one can\'t deny that everyone is using them nowadays. It\'s really refreshing to have a big score such as this that doesn\'t rely solely on synths for an intense sound. Patrick Doyle\'s score pounds with thunderous success as he breaths life into Thor and gives us what is sure to be one of the most memorable scores of the year.', 'Don McLean had the great good fortune and the nagging misfortune of having a thumping big hit early in his career.  Having one of his songs become a cultural phenomenon guaranteed him sellout concerts as it hung a big medallion around his neck that read "American Pie Guy".  McLean had more to offer than that epic pop music history  clef.  This handy compilation offers a listener a taste of McLean\'s more substantial work sprinkled among the obligatory love songs and covers.  Before American Pie made him famous, McLean wrote biting social commentary in songs such as Respectable.  His first single after American Pie -- Vincent -- showed him as moodily reflective.  Following that, Dreidel had a deceptively upbeat pop arrangement which made the lyrics seem more bland than they are:  No days you can borrow, no time you can buy. No trust in tomorrow. It\'s a lie. And I feel like I\'m dippin\' and divin\'. My sky shoes are spiked with lead heels. I\'m lost in this star car I\'m drivin\'. But my air sole keeps pushin\' big wheels. My world is a constant confusion. My mind is prepared to attack. My past a persuasive illusion. I\'m watchin\' the future it\'s black.  This is not Don\'t Worry, Be Happy time, but those are feelings most of us can identify with.  Another contrasting treatment is Wonderful Baby, which seems like an amusing cutesy-cuddly whimsy, until you listen:  Wonderful baby nothin\' but new, the world has gone crazy, I\'m glad I\'m not you. At the beginning or is it the end? It goes in and comes out and starts over again.  Get that "I\'m glad I\'m not you."  Not even Bob Dylan could make a pop music career out of trenchant observations, so McLean served up his share of musings on romance, but even there things weren\'t always perky, as Castles in the Air ended up with Empty Chairs.  McLean had to do a cover of a song by his boyhood idol Buddy Holly (Everyday) to inject an optimistic note.  When he turned out isn\'t-love-a-delight efforts (La La I Love You, And I Love You So, If We Try, Going for the Gold) he sounded like John Denver at too high an altitude, or Gordon Lightfoot in one of his wince - inducing sensitive modes, and those are the weakest songs here.  As McLean released songs about the problematic prospects of life, his pop music chart performance kept drifting down, but he found a niche on Adult Contemporary playlists.  His albums performed similarly; by the early 80s, he was seen as a relic of the decade that started with Crosby, Stills and Nash and ended with disco, which tells us something about changes in popular taste.  McLean\'s last album to crack the Billboard Top 40, released as the 70s wound down, had less bite than his early efforts: there were four covers of conventional material, one of which, a gorgeous version of the Roy Orbison/Joe Melson song Crying, gave him his last Top Ten hit, almost ten years after American Pie.  And so he drifted into cult status.  There isn\'t any indication that the tracks on this release were remastered for this collection.  The sound is fine -- full and clear.  The order of the tracks on this compilation pays no attention to chronological order, and the booklet notes don\'t lay this out clearly, which gives this album a sense of being an organic work, rather than a compilation.  This not a bad idea, but it waves away the reality that an artist\'s works reflect the artist\'s interests and skills at various times in life.  (Imagine a Bob Dylan hits collection with Gotta Serve Somebody as the next track after Like a Rolling Stone.  Yep, that\'s two Dylan references.)  So, for those who would like a handy librarian\'s guide, here are the albums in chronological order with their respective tracks and track numbers on this compilation:  Tapestry (1970)  Castles in the Air  2 And I Love You So  13 Respectable  18  American Pie (1971)  American Pie  1 Winterwood  4 Sister Fatima  6 Empty Chairs  7 Vincent  11 Crossroads  12 The Grave  17  Don McLean (1972)  Dreidel  3 The Birthday Song  8 If We Try  15  Playin\' Favorites (1973)  Everyday  5 Fools Paradise  14 Mountains of Mourne  16  Homeless Brother (1974)  Wonderful Baby  9 La La Love You  10  Chain Lightning (1978)  Crying  20  Love Tracks (1987)  Going for the Gold  19', 'To me, the first three Starcastle albums (\'Starcastle,\' \'Fountains of Light,\' \'Citadel\') are interchangeable and equally problematic. Throw a castle in the air, where it falls you pretty much know where . . . but they don\'t. Gravity is not their forte.  While the musicians are very capable, especially the bassist and the main guitarist, the lead singer\'s voice is, in my opinion, perhaps the most annoying on record. Vapid, without edge, depth, or resonance, it represents the major flaw of the band. Unlike any Yes album, every Starcastle album commits the one unpardonable sin for a progressive rock band: no drama. Compared to Terry Luttrell, Jon Anderson sounds like Lemmy.  The music has lots of texture, but no weight. It is filigree that turns fuzzy on close inspection; light and shade without the sun and moon behind them.  Busy bees--where\'s the queen? Spiders spinning--where are the flies? There\'s no earth in the Starcastle cosmos.  Try to imagine, if you can, a fantasy novel without a romantic plot or a heroic quest. The Starcastle knights and whatnots are engaged in a fashion show: "What ho, my young squire, your flashing splendour brings me to my diaphanous knees. Such chartreuse! Why, my periwinkle does but blime the air around its deciduous charm. I crave your sartorial charity."  Yes, ELP, Kansas, Genesis, King Crimson, Camel, Gentle Giant, UK, PFM, etc. wouldn\'t be caught dead playing this stuff.  But I do play Starcastle from time to time--because of its textures, its lack of drama. To me, Starcastle is the first New Age prog-rock band, and I wonder how many of the many bands currently on the runway (cf. Mostly Autumn, the Flower Kings) owe them a flounce or shoulderpad, or two.  NOTE: Renaissance Records sometimes uses CD-Rs instead of normal, "silver" discs. Check the play side: if it\'s even slightly colored or off-color, it\'s a CD-R; you can also check for a number printed in black on the inner ring. CD-Rs have short live spans, so please complain.', "This, lovers of truly great music, is a body of work that has been long awaited by Raul Malo's fans--and they will NOT be disappointed! LUCKY ONE is an album in the true concept of the traditional albums back in the day when 'records' were vinyl. There is a symmetry to the composition of the songs and the big band style on many of the offerings is music like many young fans have not heard before. The title song, Lucky One, is one of those songs you won't be able to get out of your head (in a nice way!!) and Moonlight Kiss is a swinging, smashing arrangement reminiscent of the old 1940's musicals/Copacabana type numbers. Even the sadder songs have a hopeful underpinning; Crying for You and One More Angel are sad and sweet simultaneously; Hello Again is an uptempo dig at the return of heartbreak; Ready for My Loving is a slightly suggestive, marvelous song, and So Beautiful an uplifting ballad which might well start showing up at weddings.  Malo's guitar playing is exceptional, as always; indeed the entire band is absolutely first rate. The brass, the bass, the horns, the keyboard, the percussion...All-in-all, what a real band used to sound like! The background vocals by the band are perfect--take a listen to Moonlight Kiss, in particular!  OK--I'd said nothing about the vocals. What's to say???? Raul Malo is undoubtedly one of the preeminent singers/vocalists of not only our time, but of all time. A man who could sing a menu and make it unforgettable. Who can sing a song in any style. A man whose vocal range is magnificent. A voice of such exceptional clarity and purity that reviewers run out of descriptive adjectives for his singing.  It must be hard always being compared to Roy Orbison, the other ultimate vocalist of all time, but Raul has to be used to that! Add to that an amazing versatility as a songwriter and musician, as well as judge of talent. Mavericks fans will be pleased as well. The style is reminiscent of the Mavericks in their prime and Raul was the force behind that legendary country/rock crossover band. It's hard to pigeon-hole an artist such as Raul Malo. Lucky One is a composite body of work of which Raul should be quite justifiably proud. Raul's best work yet. Malo continues to surpass himself with each album--and that's saying a LOT!!!", 'This compilation of rare and unreleased Carcass tracks is definitely worth the purchase if you are a fan of the band.  The disc begins with 5 songs from the Swansong era, of which \'Emotional Flatline\' is the standout song.  The others are OK, but nondescript.  Then there are 4 BBC Radio One session songs.  Of these 4, the version of \'Buried Dreams\' and \'Rot \'N\' Roll\' stand out.  These 4 BBC tracks are followed by the excellent \'This is Your Life\' from the Heartwork album and one of my personal favorite Carcass tunes, \'Rot \'N\' Roll\'.  \'Rot \'N\' Roll\' has fast, excellent riffs, good drumming, is catchy, and contains some of Jeff Walker\'s tightest vocals.  Love that song; C\'mon, Rrrrot!!!!!  After this, the music gets older, including 3 tracks from the Necroticism period.  Of these, \'Pyosisified\' [try saying that 3 times fast] and \'Hepatic Tissue Fermentation II\' are worth mention.  Then we continue back to the late-80\'s grindcore era.  Not my favorite period of Carcass\' brief career, but the instrumental \'Genital Grinder II\', with its distorted riffs, is a good song.  There is also a noisy, poorly produced version of \'Exhume to Consume\' which should please the band\'s original fans that consider everything after "Symphonies of Sickness" to be a sell-out.  Overall, an interesting retrospective (in reverse chronological order) of Carcass\' rarer material.  Highly recommended.  The DVD, which contains a couple of raw, bootleg-esque concert videos, as well as the band\'s 5 official music videos, is a nice bonus.  The official music video for \'Corporal Jigsore Quandary\' is very well done.', 'This probably isn\'t JB\'s finest effort.  In fact, this is the release just before "Lawyers in Love" and soon thereafter, JB went into full scale political mode.  And no wonder.  Some of these songs are a little cheesey.  Especially the rhyming/rap in the middle of the "Hold On, Hold Out" song.  "Of Missing Persons" is a song about someone famous, I think maybe Elvis, but I can\'t be sure.  It\'s quite possible that some JB fan could elaborate more detail on this.  It\'s kinda sad and ballad-like, but the chorus is nice, albeit confusing ("And you can sing this song on July the 4th; In the sunny south and the frozen north" - Frozen on the 4th of July?  This ain\'t Saskachewan).  There are only 7 songs on the album, and the first four (which make up side 1 of the vinyl version) are pretty great.  In fact, it was those songs that haunted my memory so much that I finally broke in and got this CD.  "Disco Apocalypse" has JB telling you that everyone can rise above on the dance floor, which, coming from him, sounds kind of cheesy, but the tune is great.  The title track, "Hold Out" has some great piano and keyboard in it.  "That Girl Could Sing" was slighted on his double greatest hits CD in favor of some of his political tunes, which is a shame, because it\'s probably the 2nd best song on this album, and was played quite regularly on the radio when it first came out.  I really like the guitar sound on this song.  It\'s unlike any other sound I\'ve heard from a guitar.  Then there\'s the classic "Boulevard," which was the only tune to make it to his double greatest hits CD.  This song is great rocking JB fare.  Overall, not that great of an album.  But I think it\'s still worth it, at least to me, for the first 4 songs.', 'The Byrds were one of the bright spots in 1965, on their debut album "Mr. Tambourine Man", which include the #1 title track and the #40 "All I Really Want To Do".  Their 2nd album "Turn! Turn! Turn!", late \'65 gave us more folk-rock tinged music and another #1 in the title track written by Pete Seeger with words used from The Bible, from the book of Ecclesiastes.  McGuinn gave us "It Won\'t Be Wrong", #63, which he took from his own Beefeaters "Don\'t Be Long".  Gene Clark gives us the gentle nugget "Set You Free This Time", Dylan\'s "Lay Down Your Weary Tune", a great Byrd take.  Roger added lyrics to "He Was A Friend Of Mine", about the assassination of John Kennedy in 1963, nice moving piece.  The spunky Gene Clark tune "The World Turns All Around Her", the harmonies are a #1!  The great chestnut "Satisfied Mind", their first take on their country sound to come. (recorded on my birthday in 1965, i just turned 5).  Clark again gives another haunter in "If You\'re Gone", listen closely to those harmonies!  They take on Dylan\'s "The Times Are A-Changin\'", with whimsy, compare the two, i\'ll take The Byrds version.  "Wait And See", is a spry tune with a bouncy beat, very Beatles here.  Ever since i got this album 35 years ago, i\'ve loved their take of Stephen Foster\'s "Oh! Susannah", a masterpiece, i know some people don\'t care for it, but it just struck-a-chord with me, the Rickenbacker is totally awesome here and Michael Clarke\'s sparse drum fills is classic.  On the bonus tracks we get the Gene Clark strutter "The Day Walk (Never Before)", great stuff.  Clark\'s single version of "She Don\'t Care About Time", McGuinn\'s guitar is again superb.  Their first take on "The Times They Are A-Changin\'", very different than what was on the album, this might be my favorite version.  Their first version of Dylan\'s "It\'s All Over Baby Blue", (They would use it again on "The Ballad Of Easy Rider", in 1969), the record company didn\'t think it was strong enough for the album, solid and a keeper in my book.  Clark\'s first version of "She Don\'t Care About Time", beautiful, with a nice harmonica, guitar break, the ending of this version sound like the Rolling Stones\' "Let\'s Spend The Night Together", so this predates that tune by a good 2 years.  And the album ends with the classic guitar instrumental "Stranger In A Strange Land", a great David Crosby tune, and a lost Byrd moment.  The great American band for the 60\'s, it\'s too bad we don\'t have bands like this anymore.', 'My path to this boxed set was probably not the usual one.  I first heard Bill Nelson\'s work via a few tracks on a sampler that the Discipline Global Mobile label put out called "Sometimes God Smiles".  I liked what I heard there, so when I found a used copy of "Practically Wired", I snatched it up and enjoyed it.  Things probably would have ended there, except that about a month ago the randomizer on my MP3 player picked out an obscure 80s pop song called "Acceleration" from another compilation CD that I had completely forgotten about.  That song caught my ear, so I checked the artist and - hey, Bill Nelson.  Isn\'t that the guy...  A good bit of web research later, and I\'m looking at the Amazon page for this massive boxed set, The Practice of Everyday Life.  I\'m not sure what it was that made me decide to take the plunge - maybe it was that insane cover picture with the rabbit head and the huge cartoon guitar.  For whatever reason, I ordered an import copy and then had to wait a couple weeks for it to wing its way over from the UK to the US.  When it arrived I immediately started listening and trying to digest this massive amount of music.  I\'ve only gotten through the whole set twice (the first few discs three or four times), so maybe my opinions will change with additional listens.  But here\'s where I stand so far:  Mr. Nelson is amazingly creative, and the sheer amount of music he\'s recorded and number of different genres he\'s tackled is nothing short of staggering.  In that regard, he reminds me of another musical hero of mine, Frank Zappa (not that Zappa and Nelson sound very similar - just that they were both very prolific and tried their hands at multiple genres).  On the other hand, you know the old saying about a jack of all trades being a master of none - I wouldn\'t go that far with Bill Nelson, he\'s certainly a guitar master, but some of the music on this set comes across as a little half-baked.  For every track that\'s a gem, there are two or three that are OK but nothing to write home about.  According to the liner notes, most of this music was recorded in Nelson\'s low-budget home studio with the assumption that it would eventually be re-recorded in a professional studio, but that rarely came to pass.  Those lo-fi origins are occassionally a little distracting, and some of the early material sounds like it was mastered directly from a vinyl album.  But really the sound quality issue is a very minor one, at best.  It\'s all very listenable.  The Be Bop Deluxe material on the first two CDs appeals to the prog-rock fan in me, especially the stuff towards the end of disc one and beginning of disc two.  He starts to go a little too far in the new wave direction after that though, and by the time it gets to the Red Noise material, I could take it or leave it.  Fortunately, disc three quickly takes complete left turn into keyboard-oriented, atmospheric instrumentals and soundtrack work.  From there the set goes all over the place, from 80s pop to experimental music to sample-laden dancable tracks.  If you don\'t like what you\'re hearing at any given moment, just hang out for a few tracks and odds are you\'ll soon be listening to something completely different.  The influences are all over the place.  I hear David Bowie (both his early glam phase and later pop music), Tangerine Dream, a couple pop songs that sound like Bryan Ferry, hints of Pink Floyd and other progressive rock bands, a little Thomas Dolby on the 80s and 90s material, a bit of ELO here and there, and there\'s even one track where I swear the guitar part sounds like Joe Walsh.  Yet Nelson manages to take all those influences and create his own sound.  If you\'re a big Bill Nelson fan, you probably already know whether this set is something you need to buy or not.  But if you\'re like me, and are just intrigued enough to consider diving in and discovering a new artist, I\'d say go for it.  As long as the price tag doesn\'t put you off, this set is almost guaranteed to contain something you\'ll like, since it covers nearly every style of rock/pop music from the last 40 years.', "I'm a big Hawkwind fan, but I must admit that I haven't liked their last three or four studio albums that much. After listening to this new album the last four or five days, I must say that I find it their most interesting and enjoyable studio album since 1992's Elecric Tepee. I'm finding more to like about it with each listen and I'm going back and listening to it again and again not just because I think it's my job as a loyal Hawkwind fan to do so, but also (and most importantly) because I WANT to hear some of these songs again!!  On board this time are Dave Brock (of course), drummer Richard Chadwick, returning keyboardist Tim Blake and newbies Nial Hone (guitar, bass, keyboards) and Mr. Dibs (bass, vocals). This album rocks hard in places, like on Wraith, Inner Visions and Prometheus and new guitarist Nial Hone fluid lead guitar lines really add to the music, particularly on the beautiful and melodic guitar/keyboard instrumental Green Machine. I'm not too big on Mr. Dib's singing voice....there are times he sounds a bit too much like Ron Tree for my liking, though he sounds fine on Prometheus. The re-make of You'd Better Believe It is okay, but unnecessary. The other re-make, of Dave Brock's Sweet Obsession, is quite good and one of the album's highlights. Perhaps I like it because I didn't even know it was a remake at first and therefore, never heard the original version. Nonetheless, I like it a bunch and particularly like Brock's singing on it. The ryhthm section is kept quite busy here!  The album doesn't get off to a strong start, but it does end on a pleasant and relaxing note with the instrumental Starshine. Overall, Blood Of The Earth is far from being a perfect Hawkwind album, but it is still a suprisingly enjoyable and interesting album. I'm wondering why these delayed the U.S. release of the album, tho. Three and a half stars.  (P.S. I hate to end this positive review on a negative note, but it is now 7-28-10 and I'm more than a little annoyed that they are offering this album as a download again, but with more songs and they're offering it at the same price! If I had known they were going to do this, I would have waited a few more weeks before downloading it. Shame on you, you evil Hawk people..or whoever is responsible!)", "In a critically acclaimed recording of Tchaikovsky Symphonies No. 4, 5, and 6, Evgeny Mravinsky leads the Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra in one of the finest sets of Tchaikovsky performances to date.  What strikes me first with these performances is their immediacy.  Mravinsky generally favors the intensity of the music such that the emotional elements are expressed without becoming completely manic.  The final effect is a set of emotionally-driven performances.  The 6th symphony is a virtual repository of emotion, but I find Mravinsky a bit emotionally reticent in the slower, more lyrical sections.  He seems at his best with strong, fierce emotion.  A word about sound.  It's great.  DGG back at the time of these recordings always seemed to have a thinnish quality to violins.  I sometimes hear a bit of that in the present disc, but after all, these are 50 years old.  They are always going to sound a little like their age.  Soundstage is appropriately deep and extends laterally slightly beyond the loudspeakers.  I almost always wish that tympani were better defined.  My listening room is very well treated but this could still be an acoustic effect of the room.  These are thrilling performances and a source of joy for the listener.  With Mravinsky, you find yourself wanting to listen again and again, especially Symphonies 4 and 5. Strongly recommended.", 'If you\'ve missed Suba, the artist that passed away late in 1999, you may want to get your hands on this compilation.  Released in 2000, Caipirissima featured a few acts and artists that perhaps weren\'t as main stream as they are now plying their trade in the Brazil and global undergound.  This CD breaks down the boundaries, intensifies the beats and says "anything goes - including you".  You can feel the freedom in this cd as nothing is really ruled too radical, no beat too hard.  Starting out with Joao Parahyba (Trio Mocoto)\'s "Central Do Brasil", you know you\'re going on a journey through Brazil... not Germany or Holland trying to re-invent the sound.  That track will remind you of Sao Paulo Confessions - and it should given the time frame and that Parahyba and Suba were very very close.  DJ Dolores is next with "Monica No Samba", a slower beat with touches of guitar.  Arto Lindsay comes in with "Whirlwind", a song that evokes a misty atmosphere over the sea.  And what\'s an electric Samba cd without perhaps the biggest and best - Ninja-Tune\'s Amon Tobim.  He comes in with "Sub Tropic", a track loaded with eerie effects that\'ll remind you of an old record player that somehow comes to life in the middle of an Amazon excursion.  Tobim always knew how to add that touch of live instruments to give the music another life, in this case a faded out sax deep in the background.  Suba does feature in a track featuring M.A.U. - neat effects, fast paced, intense.  But perhaps one of my favorite tracks on the cd is well known & respected DJ Apollo 9 with "Nao Fique Ai".  It\'s extremely raw!  But the way the track starts out... imagine Maracana on a rainy day, Vasco vs Flamengo.  Dark, you know something will happen, and then that voice in the background that haunts the track - it\'s Andrea Marquee.  It\'s got a sort of soul in the beat, hip-movin\' track and weird flute touch.  I definitely recommend this cd but be forewarned that this will NOT be for everyone.  It\'s not like the Italian bossa or cheery, cheesy tracks you might hear on the Sister Bossa comps.  It\'s nothing like what you might hear on Brazilectros or the other comps either.  This is a unique cd and I can\'t emphasis enough - it\'s very raw, and that\'s actually what draws you into the music.  There have been other albums out long since this that may be more someone\'s speed - check out another compilation titled\' "A Rough Guide to Brazilian Electronica" for starters.  But even then, the feel isn\'t the same as this one.  And if you do dig this, you MUST get work by Suba, DJ Dolores, Ramiro Musotto & check Amon Tobim\'s "Permutation".']
['When Hasbro first came out with the Transformers Kre-O sets, I was both excited and a little hesitant, because I figured it would be hard to make a Lego robot that would actually "Transform".  In theory, it\'s great.  In practice...well, having to take apart and re-assemble a figure in order to get it into vehicle mode kind of takes the fun away a little.  So I wasn\'t a big fan.  I DID really like the little mini Kreon figures though, but didn\'t think it was worth paying full price for a whole set when all I would want would be the Kreon, which did\'t even transform. Flash forward to present day, and we now have the Kre-O Micro-Changers, which, even though not perfect (you are left with some extra parts when you go from Robot to Vehicle mode and vice versa), is definitely an improvement over the initial offerings.  Having Combiners was just the next logical step. The first release Micro-Changers Combiners consist of Devastator, Superion, Bruticus and Predaking, and all four sets are made up of four Micro-Changer figures.  Even though I think Bruticus looks the best out of the four, Devastator will always hold a special place in my heart, since he was the first in the old school series, and he was also the only combiner set I had as a kid.  If you are familiar with the character, you know that there are actually six Constructicons that combine to form Devastator, so your set is missing Long Haul and Hook (I was lucky enough to find an individual Hook). Each mini figure is in a separate bag, so when you initially put them together, you don\'t have to go searching for which piece goes with what mini figure.  The instructions are your basic Lego type instructions, with detailed pictures showing you how to assemble the figures into their robot mode, their vehicle mode, and finally, how to combine all four into the Mighty Devastator (well, in actuality, your basic 4 inch GI Joe figure could probably beat him up). If you are familiar with Kre-O figures, you know that there are some slight QC issues when you compare them to Legos.  Wrists have stress marks where they are attached to hands, some blocks don\'t fit quite as tight as they should while other are a little too tight and other minor issues like that, but that\'s really being nitpicky. All in all, the four mini figures look pretty good.  Good old school florencent green and purple coloring really reminds you of the original Constructicons.  And they all transform in a very simplified go-bot style.  For the most part, you just lay them flat on their faces (or in one case, his back), add a few items, and you have a vehicle.  Actually kind of cool. The combination gets a little tricky, since you have to take two of the four figures totally apart in order to form the upper half of Devastator (the body portions of those figures actually forms the torso and the legs end up being the arms).  The legs are basically two figures sans their heads.  When you do get him formed, he has pretty good articulation, and even though he\'s tiny, he actually looks pretty good. If you\'re really not into the skinny arms and legs, the beauty of it is that they are building blocks.  You can add to them if you have other Kre-O sets, or even if you have Lego sets, so you can use your imagination and add to him till you come up with a creation that suites you. As far the age listing on the box, Ages 6-12 seems kind of high for something like this.  I can totally understand the need for a higher age bracket for some of the other sets, which have thousands of pieces, but for a 76 piece set, I\'m figuring a 4 year old, with some help from mom & dad (or an uncle who likes spoiling them) would have a field day with him. Great for those who like Legos or Transformers, AWESOME for those who love both!  Solid 4.5.', "This is a great power metal cd, with very catchy choruses, complex and interesting guitar arrangements and thought provoking clever lyrics.  I hear inspirations from Iron Maiden, Dream Theater, and even Opeth.  Every song is written with the vocal melody as the core.  It is obvious that Theocracy writes their music with their vocal melodies in mind first.  Many prog/power metal bands let their guitarists write all the music and then cram in vocal melodies as an afterthought.  Not so with Theocracy- every instrument is given its appropriate time to shine.  Matt is a tremendous singer and has an ear for infectious melodies.  This is one of my favorite power/prog metal albums in a long time, even surpassing their previous album, Mirror of Souls. The production value is top notch as well!  Listen to the samples to check out the music, it is all incredibly well crafted and arranged with skill.  The lyrics are overtly Christian themed.  Even though I myself am Christian, I've never been able to listen to much Christian music for enjoyment as most of it is very poorly written- corny and superficial.  Matt's lyrics are hard hitting and powerful.  Each song has a point and he delivers his message without sounding preachy or offensive.  This is the first Christian metal band that gives me the same satisfaction I get from listening to a band like Dream Theater or Blind Guardian.  Matt Smith, the singer, main songwriter, and lyricist digs very deep into reformed theology, singing about things like Paul's writings on the old/new man and the internal battle of two natures as well as Martin Luther's 95 theses which helped trigger the Reformation.  Highly recommended!", "The 5th Soulfly album since Max Cavaleras departure from Sepultura. This is where Soulfly took a turn for the heavier,after changing direction from Prophecy. The album starts with The Dark Ages a creepy string intro that leads you into Babylon which is a heavy fast paced,head banging guitar groove driven song. I and I is awesome just relentless and fast,drums kicking like crazy and bass rumbling away. Carved Inside is really groovy with some tribal influenced instruments. Arise Again is super fast in vein of Refuse/Resist with ferocious guitars and wicked thick drum patterns. The album is their heaviest since their first album(self titled) Molotov is a mosh pit song with break-neck guitar speeds and bass that rumbles with ferocity. Frontlines is another mosh anthem,Max vocals are brutal. They blaze through this song with their best guitar chords and just stop-start guitars. Innerspirit is anazingly melodic and beautiful,guest vocals from the same guy who added guest vox on Moses(Prophecy) it has some really spacy island tribal vibes to it. Corrosion Creeps is another song almost like Attitude,the bass drones and the drums are really intricate. Riotstarter seems to be their version of Prodigy's Firestarter but totally Cavalera'd out,this is so damn catchy with a fast-paced groove. Nice guitar vibes and excellent basslines,the speed of the song is just fast enough to make you move your body & bang your head. Bleak is far from bleak,it is percussive and vocally incredible. It is like a metal grenade thrown into your ears,the March is like a battle theme for when your ready to fight. It is a fight song,to get you pumped. Fuel the Hate is a raw & rough song that makes your head bang uncontrollably,they put there energy this baby & spit there hate at the posers(listen to the lyrics) Staystrong is a really killer song,a good 10 minutes long that starts off heavy and blends into a smooth island style tropical guitar & flamenco's are added to give it extra layers. The album closer is the instrumental Soulfly V and it is so beautifully melodic,they really have grown into their zone. They know there strongpoints and they really add newer and newer instruments & experiment with the sound. The album is solid from start to finish,the album is a piece of art and it does not have any weak points whatsoever. This is by far the best album other than the self titled,Conquer & Omen. This band just seems unstoppable but Max Cavalera is such a brilliant musician,his work with Spultura is legendary. If you like Max or Sep or Soulfly check out the oldschool project of his called Nailbomb,that is an experimental industrial masterpiece. Can't go wrong with this album,don't listen to the negative reviews (if any) just get the album and make your own opinion. Spread the word and let people know about this great music.", 'Okay before I review this DVD, I just want to clarify why I said this is for fans of Al Di Meola only. The songs he performs are not the same kind of "fusion" flare that you, the casual listener, are going to be accustomed to. He was a jazz fusion pioneer, sure, but things have changed since then. He\'s more into the classical side of arranging and playing now.  Having said that, his playing on this DVD is amazing. The sound quality and video are also good. The band he\'s playing with are all very well-versed musicians. The pianist he\'s playing with, I think he\'s name is Mario Parmisano, suprised me greatly. Al wouldn\'t be playing with a musician that isn\'t fantastic, so hats off to Al for his choice in musicians. Very strong rhythmic presence throughout.  As to comment on something a reviewer said in the review prior to mine, he mentioned how he was disappointed that Al Di Meola didn\'t talk to the audience more. Look, I think I can say wholeheartedly that you DON\'T want Al Di Meola talking to the audience! Trust me folks, you couldn\'t bare it. Not only does he seem a bit stand-offish, but I honestly don\'t think he would know what to say other than something weird.  No offense to Al, but I don\'t want hear him talk. I want to hear him play, and that\'s the reason I purchased this DVD. To me, it\'s good enough to actually have something of him playing on DVD. If he doesn\'t talk or if he does really shouldn\'t be a valid complaint anyway. The review of any concert DVD should be a review of what it is, not what it could be.  This DVD is worth every penny, and fans of Al Di Meola are going to especially like this.', 'I just bought this album on 1/4/2010 but it\'s the most popular album on my iPod (and I have over 5,000 songs). My favorite songs are: "Higher", "Heart\'s Song", and "I Hate You". But I also rated "Nu Creature", "Avaylable", "Broken Spirit", and "The Glory of the Lamb" with 5-stars!  I love this album so much, I went on the artist\'s Myspace page and thanked him with a personal comment. His approach to worship and praise music is FRESH. Very much so. It\'s not the typical, expected, predictable gospel music that\'s grown flat over the last decade. This music incorporates rock, traditional asian and african instruments, and some tribal beats while demanding a very frank and real heart song from the soul. Some of these lyrics are frank and honest. Some of these lyrics are emotional coming from the depths of a believer\'s soul. The desire - the hunger - the pain and joy experienced in this faith are expressed throughout the album. I don\'t think the artist leaves one rock un-turned.  Moreover, this album has mass appeal - from the young to the old in faith. Those who have fallen away, those who are steadfast and those who are at the crossroads. "Lord, please keep me in Your Will" - is a plea. Very passionate plea.  Now is the time for honesty. For a believer to be honest with him or herself. Are you really a believer? Then hunger with me for more - dream with me of going HIGHER in faith. And let that be our reward. Not material possessions or strokes to our superegos...but real rewards. Let that be enough.  To the artist known as Mali Music: Thank you. I want to have a son just like you one day! Go with the hedge of protection all your life and continue making music that celebrates the humble believer and his love for his God.', "Have listened to metal from the beginning, starting in the late 70's. Fanned out from the NWOBHM to other branches on the metal tree. Was a late listener to trash metal. For some strange reason was turned off to it from the beginning. Yet in the last 10 to 15 years picked up a love for thrash. Starting with bands Overkill, Testament, Death Angel, Annihilator, and others. Even the so, so Metallica. Never had a desire to listen to Slayer. I am so against anything that remotely puts a band above other great bands. Well, the times change. I finally have decided to give Slayer a chance. All I can say is. I had been missing out on one of the truly great metal bands of all time. Not anymore though. Started with the uber classic Reign In Blood. This will not be my only purchase of a Slayer album. Long Live Heavy Metal.", 'I purchased this item for the novely of seeing what it would be like buying an album on a USB stick. The potential for neat things is clearly there but this product offers nothing that couldn\'t be packaged in a regular CD/DVD format with a few additional data files.  All you get are a few extra pictures including a fascmile of the setlists for each nights with complete musician credits acknowleding little known facets like when Blondie Chaplin plays guitar on a few numbers, and Tim Ries on keyboards. You\'d know these things if you\'ve been to a Stones concert. The same booklet as for the CD is available as a PDF file. WOO-HOO.  Okay, there\'s the value-add in a nutshell for double the cost. You\'re going to probably download this on your iPOD anyway, so that might be a little faster than downloading off the Internet or from a CD. Is there anybody who is in that much of a hurry?  On to the album\'s content itself. This album maintains the long standing mystery that aside from "Get Yer Ya-Ya\'s Out" which is one of the best live albums of all times, in general, Stones live albums are very disappointing. The World\'s GREATEST Rock n Roll Band, the biggest draw, the kings of longevity, can\'t release a decent live album! To think there are dozens of live Grateful Dead albums, and even though I don\'t consider myself a "Deadhead," I honestly enjoy having "umpteen" versions of "Sugar Magnolia" live because they capture the feeling of a Dead concert.  The Stones albums don\'t do that. I\'m not going to rehash the trail of tears from "Love You Live" foward. "Stripped" is an interesting novelty as it has studio jams and acoustic performances. It doesn\'t really try to capture a full scale Stones concert anyway.  So here we have "Shine A Light." It might be better than some of the rest. The songs seem to follow the flow of a real Stones concert a little more accurately where some of their previous live albums are so randomly compiled. If you\'re going to get anything out of this album, you\'re going to have to play it extremely loud on a conventional stereo setup. The immersion of sound you\'d get via a headset or car stereo makes it sound too artificial.  Keith and Ronnie are having a blast through out shooting guitar riffs off of each other. Daryl Jones and Charlie Watts lay down that slimy, greasy old Stones rhythm. Chuck Leavell plays a decent piano and pulls in the horns as needed for that extra punch.  Mick Jagger seems to be trying too hard to enunciate his lyrics rather than to just go with the flow and lead the show. After twenty six years, does anybody give a hoot you still can\'t understand him singing half the lyrics on "Exile on Main Street?" At times it sounds like Mick Jagger singing Rolling Stones karaoke!!!  Jack White really takes advantage of his cameo singing his duet on "Loving Cup" but everything else about the song stinks.  Some good points, "As Tears Go By" is one of the best live ballads they\'ve ever recorded complete with Keith on 12 string. The instrumental performance is so strong that Jagger\'s wishy-washy vocals don\'t bring it down that much. This is the best live "Sympathy for the Devil" in a long time, but it still sucks. It sounds more like a live performance relying less on digital samples that has been the norm since "Steel Wheels/Urban Jungle."  Jagger sounds just plain silly. There\'s no drama. There\'s nothing menacing about his performance. It just\'s just so much better than thinking of fans paying for $100 seats getting to hear a computer play percussion. You actually get to hear Charlie\'s drums, and some of the ensemble banging on clangy things. Am I reaching for nice things to say about this album? YES!  The highlight of the album, ARE YOU READY FOR THIS???, it\'s Keith song, "Little T&A." Keith hardly ever sounds good on a live recording, but he\'s Keith. That he\'s still alive and conveys all that Keith attitude is good enough on stage anyway, but on this live album what makes it is the instrumental jam. First Keith and Ronnie are RED HOT. They then work into a quick little jam where Daryl Jones lays down one of the best live bass guitar passages for all time.  The strongest group performance is the title track, "Shine a Light." Jagger struggles to hit the notes at times, but the whole mood of the song is so powerful. It works as a wonderful closing piece to the album complete with two fine guitar solos just like the original.  One additional note, I reviewed the music from listening to the complete, not the editted CD. The USB stick was defective. Some of the pictures didn\'t load completely and some songs wouldn\'t load at all or skipped or missed miserably.  You\'re paying twice as much as the double CD version of the album, an album you\'d probably only buy if you\'re a Stones completist or what a memeno of the concert tour which would be much better accomplished by purchasing the four DVD set from Best Buys which is worth it for just the Texas concert alone.  The stick is enclosed in a rubber cover shaped as the Stone\'s infamous tongue logo attached to a keychain. It\'s cute packaging. Double WOO-HOO.  For us aging baby-boomers there\'s a certain sense of reassurance to see the Stones still carry on, but as a serious listener, this is not a good album. If it weren\'t the Rolling Stones, this would be a throwaway album. I never thought I\'d get so down on a Stones album, but the live CD\'s are piling up on the shelf and aside from "Ya-Ya\'s" not a single one screams "Play me!" except for the El Macambo set on "Love You Live."  Kids who are just getting into the Stones for the first time should go right to the classics and then download a song here, a song there from later on to enjoy the whole experience. The mojo of the live experience cannot be captured on an audio recording alone.', 'A few years ago I brought out my aging vinyl copy of George Harrison\'s masterpiece, "All Things Must Pass" from its longtime resting place with my many other hoary sixties\' and seventies\' era lp\'s. The reason was that the ten-year-old daughter of a good friend of mine had emerged as a devoted fan of George, this after having abandoned the Spice Girls for the Beatles during the previous six months (yesssss!!)  In an impulsive act of magnanimity, I decided to buy the cd version of the album and then to donate the old vinyl copy to this nascent Harrison fan. Big mistake!  This was not so because I regretted bringing a smile to a little girl\'s face, but because the quality of the cd remastering of "All Things Must Pass" was so very, very awful.  And "awful" doesn\'t come close to capturing the flat, murky, indifferent nature of the mixing that was done the first time the album was put on cd.  Listening to this abomination, I almost cried, and I vowed to write to EMI to ask, nay, BEG them to remaster "All Things Must Pass." I\'m sure I wasn\'t the only one to make this request, so I am hardly going to claim credit for the miracle that followed.  But yes, the album has been remastered, and this time they did a fine job, indeed, restoring this complex sonic masterpiece to its original glory, including a fine rendition of the famous Phil Spector "wall of sound."  Thank you! Here once again we have all of those musical gems from 1970:  "My Sweet Lord" (or is it "He\'s So Fine" remixed, hehe?), "Isn\'t it a Pity" (twice), the delightful "Apple Scruffs," the hypnotic "Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp," and the rave-up masterpiece, "Awaiting On You All," complete with its classic jibe at the Pope ("owns 51% of General Motors").  Perfection! To top off this wondrous musical development, some additional tracks and rerecordings have been added, including a new mix of "My Sweet Lord" that features some gorgeous guitar licks that I can only assume are George\'s.  The cd set is also packaged gorgeously, and include some thoughtful and reflective liner notes from Harrison himself.  These (and lots more fun features) are included at that a fascinating and sophisticatedweb site devoted to the album, aptly named [...]  Check it out! It can be debated endlessly whether this is THE BEST post-Beatles work by one of the original fab four, but it sure is one of the top few.  Thirty-plus years later, it remains a musical and lyrical masterpiece.', 'Believe it or not, I\'m a 39-year-old male who has come to like 17-year-old actress/singer Demi Lovato. I say again! I\'m a guy on the doorstep of 40 and I actually like both of her records! Her 2007 debut, "Don\'t Forget", was a very enjoyable pop/rock record that showed a sense of Adult Contemporary maturity that is lacking in the sound quality of her Disney Channel counterparts such as Miley Cyrus (although I do enjoy some of her songs), her real-life BFF Selena Gomez, and Ashley Tisdale. Let it also be known that in terms of vocal talent, Lovato appears to be the best among the four.  On her second effort, 2009\'s "Here We Go Again", she continues to expand on her ever-growing maturity in terms of sound and production. The songwriting is simple but effective, which gives it that unique balance of being a record that your young daughter would sing along to, but you\'ll find yourself dancing along with. With remarkably catchy songs that highlight her apparent four-octave range (?), both of her albums appear to be a hybrid of Tween Pop sensitivity & Adult Contemporary maturity.  Clocking in at just over 46 minutes over 14 tracks, the album\'s opener, the title track, is a rockin\' cut that could\'ve done without the final cymbal crash at the very end. "Solo", "U Got Nothin\' On Me", "Everything You\'re Not", & "World Of Chances" are solid, thoroughly enjoyable tracks that are just comfortable to hear. "Catch Me" & "Gift Of A Friend" are outstanding slow ballads, but "Everytime You Lie" is the standout song here, a wonderful slice of R&B/Jazz-tinged pop that could be easily used in a party/club scene in a TV series like "Melrose Place", "90210", or the now-departed "The O.C.".  As the primary star of [the Disney Channel Original Series] "Sonny With A Chance", it\'s only fitting the album closes with the show\'s theme song "So Far So Great". The sing-songy arrangement is a bit daunting, but this girl gives it a spirited "YEOOWWWW" at the end and redeems it nicely. But Lovato deserves a lot of credit for being able to hold this record together with a vocal range that seems to be beyond her 17 years of age (as of this writing). Yeah, she\'s no Whitney Houston or Mariah Carey or even Beyonce\' and she\'s not trying to be. Truth be told? She\'s not SUPPOSED to be .... and she SHOULDN\'T be!!!  Take into account that both "Don\'t Forget" & "Here We Go Again" were released by a major label (Hollywood Records) NOT affliated with Disney. That speaks volumes about the impression they had about Lovato\'s talent and the sound she managed to create a mere two records in. Solid and consistent, "Here We Go Again" is just an infectious, catchy, and just plain comfortable record. Her vocal talent & sound will mature with age and that should be expected. When that does happen, it\'s possible she\'ll give the aforementioned ladies a run for their money.  Key Tracks: "Everytime You Lie", "Here We Go Again", "Gift Of A Friend", "Falling Over Me", "Catch Me".  Honorable Mention: "So Far So Great" (only for Demi\'s "YEOOWWWW!" at the end).', 'This is a solid release.  The song set is cool including less obvious or overplayed LP tracks including the African folk funk of "Loop Garoo" from the lesser known/appreciated Remedies starting off the set.  I can\'t help but think of Captain Beefheart when I hear that song and wonder who was listening to who (or both listening to the same other things?).  My friend also suggested it sounds like early ZZ Top and he is right.  The guitar solo towards the end sounds a lot like Robbie Robertson\'s style, too (but it\'s not him).  Liner notes are ample with a full musician list in what was described as a good night on the road with a "partying bunch of musicians".  Recorded during Dr. John\'s early prime and when he had most of his Atlantic LPs already under his belt.  Was recorded live on a radio broadcast on WLIR in Hempstead, NY, 6/11/73 at Ultrasonic Studios (not the same one as another one in New Orleans).  There was a studio audience there that night but sounds just like it would at a mid-sized club.  The sound quality is good enough but not audiophile; compressed a bit.  Sounds like a old radio broadcast from the period can be best description.  At least it sounds like it was a stereo recording/broadcast.  A live Gumbo extravaganza!  Varied and exotic textures at times.  Funky good dancin\' tunes.  I don\'t think there\'s even one song that can\'t be danced to somehow.  A highlight for me was "Mess Around".  If you can sit still through that entire song without at least twitching your shoulders you are truly dead.', '"None of Graham\'s tribe wanted to be part-timers, doing one or two gigs a week and having a day job.  They embraced the road and stayed on it for the duration.  And to achieve that they always gave 100%."  The four "star" rating is for the performances--not the sound quality--which is rough in spots on this approximately 4 1/2 hours set.  Included are Bond\'s BBC stuff,  including things like an hour long jam session from \'62.  If you\'re familiar with the previous box set of Bond\'s music you\'ll know pretty much what to expect sound-wise.  But Graham Bond was a large piece of the musical foundation in Britain during those formative years in the \'60s for so many musicians who went on to form important bands.  Hopefully this set will become more widely  available soon for those wanting to take the  plunge.  Last minute "finds"/additions kept this set from being released as originally scheduled.  You\'ll also occasionally hear the voice of  a BBC "presenter" (including John Peel)  between tunes introducing a song.  Some people may find that irritating but I like it because it adds a note of period authenticity--as if you\'ve somehow been transported back in time and are sitting in front of your radio in your front parlor.  This box set  (not tall packaging like the first set) is produced by the same people (notably poet Pete Brown) who brought us the previous Bond set, so it has  the  feel of that earlier set.  The two jewel cases slip inside a thin cardboard slipcase and each case has a thick booklet with two discs with track information in one booklet and great period photos and ephemera in the other booklet.  And while I\'m a big fan of Bond\'s music and his various bands I do have to say that the sound is at times perhaps rougher (Disc 2 tracks 11-14 are from a bootleg of a "Pop Goes The Beatles" show from 1963)  than the previous box set.  But this era of British music was the beginning  for a lot of  the many musicians who passed through or were influenced by Bond, and is so important to what a lot of British groups did later.  I still remember when Bond played with another British legend, Alexis Korner (check out his blues albums) in the group Free At Last, which is where (thanks to Korner)  Rodgers, Kossoff,  Kirke, and  Fraser got their band name, Free.  A few highlights:  Disc 1 begins in 1963 with a BBC "Jazz Club" set with John McLaughlin on guitar and Bob Breen on vocals, plus four tunes with vocalist  Duffy Power and again includes Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker.  There\'s also a BBC broadcast from \'62 with Don Rendell which features the great  Dick Heckstall-Smith on a couple of tunes with Bond on alto sax trading riffs.  Disc 2 has Ginger Baker-drums, along with Heckstall-Smith and trumpeter Mike  Falana on tunes like (a Bond favorite) "Wade In The Water", and "Only Sixteen", plus some improvisation from Heckstall-Smith and Bond\'s latest group, the Graham Bond Initiation also doing "Wade In The Water".  But as with many live tapes from this early period the sound is far from great, but it\'s the closest we\'ll get to Bond\'s early live stuff.  Disc 3 is all Graham Bond Initiation with a couple of BBC sessions from the John Peel Show and "Top Gear".  This edition of his band was actually a pretty good group of musicians which you can hear on these tapes.  Disc 4 has a rare EP track from 1962, (the "Jazz and Twist" EP), which I\'ve only heard about until now.  Plus there\'s a session with Brian Dee\'s Trio that features Graham Bond, and Bond with pianist Joe Palin from a rehearsal tape which shows another dimension to Bond and music from that era.  Obviously this set isn\'t for someone new to Bond\'s music--for that check out his studio albums ("The Sound Of 65", "There\'s A Bond Between Us", and "Solid Bond") which have better sound and will give the new listener a good idea of what his music was like.  Similar to the previous box set there\'s  a few rough spots which are far from good sounding--even for fans (like me) who want to hear Bond\'s music from the period when he had a number of great players in his bands.  Much like some collections of old blues music you have to get past the sonic anomalies as best you can and concentrate on the music.  This set is for those who really want to go back in time when British rock, blues, soul, r&b, and jazz was new and exciting, and musicians were beginning to combine various genres into an exciting new sound.  And Graham Bond was at the forefront of jazzy, bluesy, rock music, (along with Mayall and his slavish devotion to blues music), and gave so  many up and coming musicians a chance to play music in a newer direction.  This is one part of  where it all happened.  Heavily influenced by American jazz, blues, and r&b, included here are songs like "Everyday I Have The Blues" (Peter Chatman--known as Memphis Slim), Hallelujah", "What\'d I Say", "I Got A Woman" (Ray Charles), "Kelly Blue" (Wynton Kelly), "Oleo" (Sonny Rollins), "Sack \'O Woe", "Things Are Getting Better", "Work Song" (Cannonball Adderley), plus "I Saw Her Standing There" (The Beatles), and songs by Bond and others.  There\'s a lot of exciting performances included here--especially if you like that era of British music.  A number of these performances have the band really working out on these tunes.  Check out Bond\'s organ playing, or Heckstall-Smith\'s sax blowing, or the Jack Bruce/Ginger Baker rhythm section, or some of the unknown (to American jazz fans)  jazz players who are all over these BBC sets.  All in all, ultimately, a nice addition to Bond\'s discography and some great listening for fans.', 'After spending the last several years laboring as a better-than-average -- and highly professional -- pop group, Rush returned to its hard-rock roots on COUNTERPARTS. Also, despite the presence of a couple of clunkers, they managed to come up with a fairly strong set of songs. The result was the band\'s best effort to date since GRACE UNDER PRESSURE.  The album opens with a really astounding 1-2-3 punch. On "Animate" the group manages to deconstruct a riff that sounds like it is straight off of a Pearl Jam record and to turn it into a bit of frothy hard prog-rock. "Stick it Out" is probably Rush\'s heartiest slab of metal since 2112 and is a heck of a lot of fun. "Cut to the Chase" is another strong up-tempo rocker which manages to sustain the momentum generated by the first two tracks.  After that, the record settles down a little. The best of the remaining tracks are "Between Sun and Moon," "Cold Fire," and "Leave That Thing Alone." "Nobody\'s Hero," despite having one of the more ham-fisted verses ever written (the first), is still a good power ballad, complete with a fittingly over-the-top orchestration from Michael Kaman.  The only real dog here is "The Speed of Love" which should have been titled "The Speed of a Slug." "Double Agent" certainly has problems as well, but at least it has certain parts that I like a lot. I am torn over the spoken bits, because I love the guitar parts in those sections, but they still come across as a little dumb.  Over-all, COUNTERPARTS represented a fine return to form by Rush and hinted at what was to come on their next three superlative albums. I am not sure if it is an essential Rush record, but it is still pretty darned good.', 'First of all, I should congratulate you for finding such a rare jewel.  Few bands can do what ...And Oceans does, Samael being the only other I know of.  Cradle of Filth has a song as the last track on the bonus disc on Cruelty and the Beast but it is far from the same.  It is really a full techno song with black vocals and lyrics.  Also, Dismal Euphony\'s closing track on Autumn Leaves has a techno edge to it, but it\'s even worse.  Tristania\'s World of Glass album has a song that tries to mix techno, but it is awful.  These bands should stick with what they do best. So how does ...And Oceans do it?  Well, I can\'t figure it out either!  We metal fans should just take them for granted.  Some fans of traditional black and death metal won\'t be disappointed with this sound.  Every song is pure death metal (yeah, this album isn\'t as much black metal as other releases - there are only 2 short blast beats) with OCCASIONAL techno beats.  Most of where the techno comes into play is in what would be the "by hand" equivalent of a bass and keyboards.  If you want a pure techno song with black vocals, Cradle of Filth\'s song does the job and the last song on this band\'s previous release does the job beautifully.  Also, what I miss the most on this album are parts like the beginning of "Tears Have No Name" on the previous release.  Also, the CD is heavy enough to contain blast beats and sound good, so where did they all go? So overall, I\'m not saying this is a bad release.  It is just not atmospheric, making it not quite my cup of tea.  I prefer albums "Allotropic Metamorphic Genesis of Dimorphisism" and "Eternal" more than this. Alright, let\'s talk about my title.  Darkane is a Swedish hardcore band who sounds like black metal with screaming, non-grunting singing.  And we all know Dark Tranquility, so that\'s that.  Put the 4 elements together and you have Cypher.', 'Originally released in August of 1983, "Flick of the Switch" is a damn fine AC/DC record, and if you love the band, I really can\'t understand not digging it.  In the liner notes for the 2003 remastered version of "Flick...", Malcolm Young explains that the band wanted to get back-to-basics with this record, which they produced themselves, and you can see what he means--the album has a real live-in-the-studio sound to it, with guitars exploding out of the speakers, plus all but two of the tracks are under 4 minutes, and they\'ve completely ditched the special effects a la the bell tolls on "Hells Bells" or the cannons on "For Those About To Rock (We Salute You)".  Also, Brian Johnson\'s vocals are at their gloriously piercing best throughout.  The liner notes in the 2003 reissue also state that the album is "remarkably varied". Is this a joke or what? One thing that there sure as hell isn\'t a lot of on this album is variety. The boys do a nice job of mixing up the tempos--you have your slower paced tunes ("Rising Power", "Nervous Shakedown", "Deep In The Hole"), medium-fast tunes (title track, "Guns For Hire", "Bedlam In Belgium"), and fast tunes ("Landslide", "Brain Shake")--but that hardly makes for a "remarkably varied" batch of songs. One thing I won\'t argue about though is that the album is indeed very consistent.  The album starts off with "Rising Power" which is one of those great AC/DC stompers, with a brilliant sequence of kickass riffs.  Likewise, "Nervous Shakedown" has another great sequence of riffs and builds spellbinding tension before breaking into the call-and-response chorus. The title track, with its sly guitar licks, is a ton of fun. The boogying "Landslide" is one of the most wildly exciting rock songs ever--it\'s a furious, fast-paced thrill ride with an ultra-catchy rapid-fire vocal hook leading into the chorus, and blistering guitar soloing from Angus; if this song doesn\'t get your heart racing, I don\'t know what the hell will. Also irresistible are "Deep In The Hole", with its cry-of-desperation chorus; and "Bedlam In Belgium", with its clever almost-but-not-quite-synchronized rhythm guitar parts and its spiritedly malevolent chorus.  As solid as the album is, it\'s not a bonafide classic. "This House Is On Fire" is a middling rewrite of "Hells Bells". "Guns For Hire" sounds a bit rushed-through and underwritten, although there\'s no denying that it\'s got a hell of a main riff. The bluesy "Badlands" lazily recycles the "Bad Boy Boogie" riff, although there is an ear-catching bit in the riff just before the guitar solo. The album closing "Brain Shake" is a really cool tune that seems to borrow some of its riffery straight from the Beatles "Helter Skelter", but the repetitive "joy to ride" \'hook\' gets to be a little annoying, as does the heavy repetition of the title.  You\'ve got to be nuts to think that this album marks the beginning of a major artistic decline for AC/DC.  If you actually enjoy the watered-down, Foreigner-style arena-rock of songs like "Touch Too Much" and "You Shook Me All Night Long", then it makes sense that you\'d find this album disappointing.  But the true AC/DC aren\'t about lame cockrock; they\'re about ass-kicking hard rock, and "Flick of the Switch" does a very fine job of capturing the true essence of the band--this album is a must for any true AC/DC fan.', 'This is my first in-depth experience with Leonard Cohen, so you who are accustomed to his work will have to forgive my naive enthusiasm.  I have never heard anything so serious in my life.  The best comparison that I can come up with is that this artist combines the intellect of Bob Dylan with the delivery of Marianne Faithfull.  This is poetry;  it is bleak, it is depressing, it is horrifying, it is humorous, it is beautiful.  Any thinking person needs to hear this.  Actually a lot more people need to hear it, but unfortunately I believe that the very ones who need to hear it are the ones who will choose to ignore it.  The tracks cover a wide (to put it mildly) range of topics done in a variety of musical styles, difficult to describe.  "Everybody Knows" is a pretty accurate view of our corrupt society, delivered in an appropriately cynical voice accompanied by appropriately sinister  music.  "Tower of Song" is more personal, seemingly about someone who is imprisoned by his circumstances.  The music, including the backup singing, sounds lighter, perhaps because the victim has accepted his fate.  Another personal song, "Suzanne", is the one I was most familiar with before buying this CD.  A straight-up folk song, it weaves sex, religion and social issues together to form an unforgettable portrait of a girl who is "...half crazy/but that\'s why you want to be there."  (The funny thing is, hearing this song again reminds me of a girl I knew very well by the same name, so, Suzanne, if you are reading this, you know who you are!)  Black humor is in full force as "Democracy" comes to the USA, to the tune of a military march.  And you know "The Future" will be grim if the singer prefers the near past and the present (crack, the Berlin Wall, Stalin, Hiroshima) to the worse future he describes as "murder".  The finality of the reality eventually arrives in "Closing Time", a mid-tempo square-dance country number which contains still more black humor:  "And the whole damn place goes crazy twice/and it\'s once for the Devil and it\'s once for Christ/but the Boss don\'t like these dizzy heights - we\'re busted in the blinding lights/of closing time."  I\'d say that\'s pretty final.  Ah, but the disc ends with a spoken ray of hope, in which playing the Moonlight Sonata backwards will somehow have enough power to "...end the horror...end the sorrow...and assert the majesty of creation!"  People, you just don\'t find much music like this on the radio or on MTV and VH1.  I am happy to have stumbled upon it through a series of odd coincidences, as if it were meant to be.  I know now that having heard it, I can\'t do without it.']
["If you are familiar with Rasley's earlier Regency romances, you'll know she writes well and does a good job with her characters and their development.  No change here except that this is Regency mystery.  There is some romance but there is more solving of the whodunit than there is development of the romance, although I didn't feel cheated in the least.  There's enough romance here to suit me and the two main characters are quite likeable.  The very good thing about this story is that it is Book One of a new series Rasley calls Regency CSI.  I'm looking forward to reading more of these stories in which hero Sir Matthew Holt, former ship's physician, and Russian emigre heroine Lady Natasha Danford will collaborate to solve mysteries.  Matt and Natasha have known each other for many years but have never been close.  They are family because Natasha's late husband and Matt's late wife were twins.  Matt was lifelong friend of the twins and, for some reason, he and Natasha never quite clicked although she is aunt to his two children and he uncle to her son.  In the eight years since the untimely illness and deaths of their spouses, they haven't grown closer.  Yet Matt is who Natasha reaches out to for help when she is stranded at Brighton Inn.  Prinny is about to celebrate his birthday with a big bash at his pavilion in Brighton, but on the way to the fete Natasha runs into difficulties and Matt, who lives nearby, comes to help her out.  But it's a dark and stormy night, there's the murder of a mysterious foreigner, the inn is filled with many peers on the way to Prinny's birthday celebration and with employees of the inn and people of various walks of life  All this adds up to an interesting mystery with many suspects, including Natasha.  Matt takes on the autopsy and investigation of the case, all in the hopes of clearing Natasha's name.  Matt and Natasha work well together, bouncing ideas around.  It's not clear who did the crime and it turns out that several people could have been motivated to do it.  And there's the Russian connection which seems to incriminate Natasha and turns out to be crucial to solving the case.  Things get mysterious-er and mysterious-er.  Natasha and Matt get to understand each other better.  The reader gets to enjoy both a good mystery and a romance.  (Can the romance lead to something serious?  Stay tuned.  If nothing else, let's hope it leads to more mysteries with the two as protagonists.)", 'I suppose the negative reviews complaining about compression and loss of dynamics are based on the CDs (side note: I wish reviewers indicated better what version they\'re basing their opinions on). Personally, I have not bothered listening to the CDs, opting for the 5.1 surround sound versions of these fantastic albums. and I don\'t hear any significant compression artifacts. The surround sound mixes have made gorgeous music even better! If you have a surround sound system and are a Genesis fan, you may safely purchase these. Especially if you, like me, enjoyed the two box sets released earlier; I think the surround sound makes a bigger difference on the earlier than on the later albums.  As with the previous box sets (1976-1982 and 1983-1998), the surround mixes often allow you to hear numerous things you never heard before. For instance, I can now clearly hear *both* acoustic guitars during the verses of "The Lamia" (my all-time favorite Genesis song), whereas earlier I could only hear one.  That said, occasionally there are things "missing" in these mixes. A few examples: the flute during the fadeout of "The Lamia" is now inaudible. The nasty "tearing" or "ripping" sound when Raels penis is cut off in "The Colony of Slipperman" is missing (and I\'ve always thought of this sound as integral to the story!). During part of the keyboard section of "Riding the Scree" (the section that would later resurface in live versions of "The Cinema Show"; i.e., the section that follows "here I go..."), what used to be the primary melody has been pushed in the background, in favor of what used to be the accompanying melody, giving the illusion of a different melody altogether. Finally, there are moments throughout this box set when the bass guitar is too far in the background for my taste (this also goes for the 1976-1982 and 1983-1998 box sets). Overall, these are relatively minor complaints, and I think Nick Davis and Genesis have made spectacular surround sound versions of their music, and I\'m very, very grateful to them!  Now, let\'s hope for a box set with the live albums! Genesis Live, Seconds Out, Three Sides Live, The Way We Walk, and the stuff in the Archive box sets (including the entire Lamb!) would all sound fantastic in 5.1.  As an aside, the interviews are quite fun. They\'re much longer than the ones included in the previous box sets (which were about 15 minutes each, while this time around they are about 45 minutes each). We get to hear from all band members, including Ant Philips. My favorite moment is when Phil Collins talks fondly about "The Waiting Room" ... (!)', 'Folks will call a bragger, whiner, complainer or whatever.  That\'s fine because Kanye still delivers on Graduation and he doesn\'t need to go the route of another famed MC out there.  He just brings his style and diversity to the cd by working with everyone from Lil Wayne, T-Pain to Chris Martin fm Coldplay, Dwele and Mos Def on this one.  Along with a sample or two from Daft Punk\'s (Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger) and it works with great appeal only my first listen to that song and it was over with it.  I love it.  One of the more interesting songs on here is aptly titled "Barry Bonds" he does this one with another point rapper Lil\' Wayne and they both bring their own styles to this song with great outcome.  Another track i really find interesting is the last one "Big Brother" yeah its about Jay-Z and Kanye\'s just talking about all the stuff that has happened between them in their history.  But i don\'t really see it as a dis just more of him getting things of his chest and out into the open.  Love it personally along "Homecoming" vocals by Coldplay\'s Chris Martin its done right and he brings a little something extra with it to the song.  I don\'t know what it would\'ve been like with it but glad he\'s on it.  Of course it would be Kanye if he wasn\'t bragging a bit but when you bring it like he does on Graduation it doesn\'t even matter.  Because he more than backs that up in all aspects.  He\'s many things and not all good to some people.  But first and foremost he\'s an MC and he knows how to entertain without a doubt.  The cd is a lock and should be purchased without a doubt.  Both of the songs out right now Stronger and Good Life are hot without question.  But also check out Barry Bonds, Flashing Lights and The Glory even a slight misstep on Drunk & Hot Girls is still enjoyable and fun to listen to.. 5 stars is what this one gets from me.  Way better than a good deal of what\'s been released this year...bar none.', 'Wow...talk about a wild ride! Lindsey Buckingham\'s latest, SEED WE SOW, has got me straddling a musical seesaw! On the one hand, there are some very nice moments. On the other, there\'s really nothing new here...the disc could easily be made up of outtakes from either of his two previous releases, 2006\'s UNDER THE SKIN or GIFT OF SCREWS from 2008.  I also have to admit that, after numerous listens, I\'m kind of shocked to hear people comparing this disc favorably to 1992\'s OUT OF THE CRADLE...this disc has none of that earlier effort\'s variety or adventurous nature. Instead, we just have a lot more of the two elements that seem to have become Buckingham\'s stock in trade now...whispery vocals and shimmery, lightning speed finger picking.  Opening things up is the hushed title track. Blessed with an atmospheric arrangement and minimal, yet intense, instrumentation ~ it\'s almost as if Buckingham\'s guitar chords are living, pulsating entities! ~ the song just tumbles out of the speakers. Buckingham\'s restrained vocal caresses the lyrics, including the album\'s best lines: "Sweet things/Pretty things/Are dying/In the penny arcade/Of Edgar Allan Poe." Very nice.  "In Our Own Time" is a prime example of what\'s so frustrating about SEEDS WE SOW....first off, the track just sounds so insular and manufactured ~ there\'s nothing organic whatsoever about it. Buckingham might as well be painting by numbers...the whirlwind finger-picking goes here, the shouted vocal goes there. Where\'s the creative mastermind behind TUSK, a project that keeps you guessing and that you never know what\'s coming next? Sorry, but this track has a bad case of "been there, done that"-itis!  "Illumination" is one of SWS\'s best cuts, not because it\'s deep or profound, but because it steps outside of the creative box that Buckingham seems content to store himself in these days. Edgy, in-your-face percussion dominates the song, brilliantly contrasting the sparkling guitars. An urgent, heated vocal perfectly rounds out this little gem. THIS is what we need more of!  Ditto "That\'s The Way Love Goes." With a full band of bass, drums and keyboards behind him, Buckingham is a completely different man....he\'s a lot loser and freer. You can even hear it in his playing....his guitar just WAILS here! Contrary to popular belief, Buckingham DOES play well with others, and he should do it more often! Sweet!  After the blistering rock guitar of the previous track, the acoustic finger-picking dervish of "Stars Are Crazy" just accentuates the fact that said rock guitar is really, REALLY missed. "Stars..." is the sort of track that has dominated the last three discs...manic acoustic strumming, frantic vocals, opaque lyrics. One of SWS\'s weaker moments.  The same can be said about "When She Comes Down." Though the track has a lovely melody, this isn\'t really a song...it\'s just a dozen lines, repeated two times each. Needless to say, by the time we reach the midway point of the cut\'s total 4:48 length, a severe case of monotony has set in. Once again, we\'ve heard this kind of track NUMEROUS times in the last six years...time to move on!  I can only imagine what some bass and drums would have added to "Rock Away Blind", but it\'s still one of the disc\'s premiere cuts, if just for it\'s lyrics. Lines such as "For your love I must be on time/Wait for hours alone by your shrine", "I won\'t look for what I might find" and "I can go crazy without even trying" just shine. Toss in an honest, earnest lead vocal and you have a real winner.  "One Take" is another favorite of mine....again, not because it\'s a classic, but because it\'s fresh and fun and far out in left field, certainly compared to much of the rest of the album. From the spirited lead vocal, to the rip-roaring solo, back to the layered vocals on the bridge...THIS is what you expect from Lindsey Buckingham...something UNexpected! To quote a classic movie line: "I would like some more, please!"  "Gone Too Far" lopes along at a nice pace, but I can\'t help but think this baby could have gone from good to great if Buckingham had brought in a crack rhythm section (wonder where he could have found one of those??) and a haunting female voice on backing vocals (Any ideas???). Yet another example of a "could have been!" If only....!  There\'s a delicate groove to "End Of Time" that is absolutely captivating. It is, without a doubt, the album\'s true core, it\'s most honest, REAL moment. Amid a muted, yet strong, arrangement, minimal, yet lively, instrumentation and a heartfelt lead vocal, everything just gels, right from the classic opening line of "Sliding down the karma slide." Another fave, and certainly one of the disc\'s best cuts.  Things wind up with another Rolling Stones cover, this time being the vintage "She Smiled Sweetly." Just vocal and guitar, the track closes SEEDS WE SOW on a quiet, intimate note. Very nice.  But is that enough? To be honest...no. "Nice" and "predictable" are words I never would have ever expected to use to describe Lindsey Buckingham in regard to his first twelve years with Fleetwood Mac or on his first three solo albums. I want ~ no, NEED! ~ some of that unpredictablility back. I want to go "Wow!" or "Ooooh!" again. I need to ROCK! Until then, SEEDS WE SOW just reminds us that Lindsey Buckingham is tending a garden that\'s been overplowed. (As with all my reviews, I\'m giving the disc an extra half a star for including the lyrics).', 'I picked up this CD on something of a lark, and what a mind-blower it\'s turned out to be.  "Jefferson Airplane Takes Off", originally released in September of 1966, is an astonishing debut album.  The liner notes of this particular CD edition point out that this is basically a \'live in the studio\' album, without much overdubbing or "studio experimentation", but that just makes the Airplane\'s accomplishment here all the more impressive--clearly these guys knew exactly what they were doing.  The playing on this album is sensational.  A ton of credit has to go to Marty Balin--not only is he one of the best, most expressive vocalists in all of \'60s rock, but he seemed to have some kind of sixth sense in terms of assembling the original band lineup, and apart from 3 covers, he wrote or co-wrote the remaining 8 songs on the original album.  You CERTAINLY shouldn\'t get it in your head that this can\'t be as good as later albums due to the absence of Grace Slick.  Yes, Grace is great, of course, and incredibly distinctive.  But Signe Anderson, in her only album ever with the band, absolutely soars on her vocal spotlight "Chauffeur Blues", and although she\'s not involved in any of the songwriting, she plays a vital role in the group\'s frequent, rich harmony arrangements.  Also, don\'t let people who tag this as a \'folk-rock\' record give you the wrong idea--it\'s actually an extremely versatile album.  The album opener "Blues From An Airplane" (co-written by Skip Spence) is a superb, ominous acid rocker that captivates you immediately with its droning guitars and Jack Casady\'s thunderous bass.  Paul Kantner steps up to the mic for a devastating lead vocal turn on the mind-blowingly awesome "Let Me In", a ferocious, cathartic, cleverly-timed garage rocker stuffed with blistering riffs and a smoking Jorma Kaukonen solo.  The deviously laidback shuffle "Bringing Me Down" has sort of a Byrds-y jangle to it, matched with a quasi-bluesy pattern, melodic bass, and a great descending riff sequence.  Marty Balin\'s one solo composition "It\'s No Secret" is a brilliant love song--Balin\'s exuberant, from the gut vocals on it are intoxicating, and the song\'s surprising bridge section elevates it to a whole other level of genius.  The cover of "Tobacco Road" is superly done, with its moody opening guitar passage setting the stage perfectly.  The 6/8 ballad "Come Up The Years" is an achingly lovely and bittersweet love song with an appropriately shimmering glockenspiel part.  "Run Around" has a manic, arpegiatted guitar part that just knocks your socks off.  Kaukonen brings on a full-blown slow blues vibe for "And I Like It", a defiant, yet deeply emotional epic with a wrenching solo vocal from Balin--it was a brilliant way to end the original album.  You can hardly even pick out favorite songs on here, and album plays out like a truly unified, ingeniously-conceived, timeless work of art.  A big thumbs up to RCA for the inclusion of 9 bonus tracks, including a \'hidden\' instrumental version of "Blues From An Airplane" at the end.  We get the \'original uncensored version\' of "Let Me In" which \'accidentally\' appeared on a very limited number of early pressings of the original vinyl album--RCA had issues with some of the lyrics and the band re-recorded it from scratch, which proved to be a blessing because the subsequent \'regular\' version of the song is more forcefully performed, although the \'uncensored\' version is still terrific and fascinating from a historical standpoint.  "High Flying Bird" wasn\'t included on the original album, perhaps because they felt they already had one gloomy cover song with "Tobacco Road", and "...Bird" does have a similar feel, but it\'s wisely appended here.  The \'early version\' of the rocker "Go To Her" and an 8+ minute take of "And I Like It" are just a couple more goodies that round out what appears to be THE definitive version of this beyond-classic album (although some fans may also want the version that presents the whole album in mono & stereo versions).  An absolute must-have.', 'To be honest, I was somewhat underwhelmed by Kurt Viles\' last album, "Smoke Ring For My Halo".  There were a couple of songs that completely wowed me ("In My Time" and the title track) but I didn\'t care as much for the rest of it.  To my way of thinking, that album sounded like a talented guy finding his way musically who maybe wasn\'t there yet.  But based on what I saw as Vile\'s potential from those songs I liked so much, I decided to give his newest one "Wakin On A Pretty Daze" a try.  I\'m pretty much wowed by this one from start to finish.  It is without a doubt the best thing I have heard this year so far, and one of the more amazing records I\'ve heard in a long time!  This time Vile uses a full band sound throughout, and the lengthy tracks allow the songs to stretch out a bit.  And they stretch out into some pretty far-reaching places.  The moods range from a dreamy meditation on love and responsibility ("Too Hard") to an uptempo driver brimming with confidence ("Was All Talk) to beautifully-constructed pop ("Snowflakes Are Dancing" and "Never Run Away") to steady, muscular psychedelia ("Girl Called Alex" and "Air Bud").  There are other goodies mixed in, like the lovely and languid nine-minutes-plus opening track "Wakin On A Pretty Day" and the capstone of the album, the lush ten-minute "Goldtone".  Vile is ably assisted by his band, The Violators, over the course of the album.  He and his two compadres create some beautiful sounds, and there are lap steel contributions by guest contributor Farmer Dave Scher in "Girl Called Alex", "Too Hard" and "Pure Pain" that elevate those songs from "good" to "great".  While there is lots of talk about Kurt Vile as a songwriter (and he is very good at that), attention should be paid to his skills as an arranger and musician.  There aren\'t many people around lately who do all those things all at once as well as does, and "Wakin On A Pretty Daze" showcases his considerable talent in astounding fashion.  Some people may find his ultra-relaxed vocal style to be an acquired taste, but once you listen to the way he uses it as an instrument in these songs, I believe you will be sold on it.  This album is a total package, and for me it\'s pure satisfaction.  Check out the dreamy passages in "Pure Pain"...  most of the last several minutes of "Was All Talk"... the high atmospherics of "Snowflakes Are Dancing"... the instrumental entirety of "Too Hard"...  the four-and-a-half-minute mark in "Air Bud" when the music busts back in and then for the minute or so after that...  There really is so much ear candy on this record that it\'s hard to describe it adequately.  "Sometimes when I get in my zone you\'d think I was stoned but I never, as they say, touch the stuff.  I might be adrift, but I\'m still alert, concentrate my hurt into a gold tone...  golden tones."  Those are the words of a young musician who is searching for the lost chord.  And it in some places on this record, I believe Kurt Vile finds it.  Listen to his work, and you will see what I mean.', 'I never could understand why Jefferson Starship\'s 1982 work of art, "Winds of Change," didn\'t get the credit or the airplay it rightfully deserved/deserves.  And then even FINDING this album (especially on CD) became a personal odyssey "mission impossible" quest in itself!  One need look no further than Amazon. Com to see how difficult it can be to secure a copy of this highly underrated masterwork from one of the most seminal rock outfits in music history.  Amazon lists "Winds of Change" as requiring 3 to 6 weeks for delivery, rather than the typical turnaround of "usually available within 24 hours."  Why!?!  "3 to 6 weeks" sometimes means - "not available at all," at least from my own personal experience with Amazon.  I wait 3 to 6 weeks for my item, then I wait a few weeks more.  Finally Amazon writes to me with regrets that, in fact, they cannot get me the pristine copy of whatever it is I have ordered in the first place.  Like - "Total Bummmer, Dudes!"  Fortunately, Amazon now provides "Used" outlets, including the ability to obtain BRAND SPANKING NEW copies of CDs, DVDs, books and so on forth at sometimes WAY SIGNIFICANTLY reduced prices (hooray!), through third-party, independent vendors, working with Amazon.  This is very, VERY GOOD news for us beleaguered buyers in quest of that elusive "media gem," whatever it happens to be.  In fact, at last check, "Winds of Change" is currently available now, with a one-to-two business-day turnaround, from "8 used and new" sources independent of Amazon, but accessible (and purchasable) via Amazon\'s website.  Yippee!  Because "Winds of Change" in my book is one of Starship\'s PREMIER albums of all time, regardless of what anyone else tells you.  Whether it was poor marketing or whatever that tanked this brilliant creation, the fact remains:  "W.O.C." is probably J.S.\'s best kept secret.  But I\'m telling it to you now.  There are 6 fantastic, rocking, either pop-viable or downright jamming, tightly-written and exuberantly crafted tunes on this album, starting with the eponymous "Winds of Change."  A CLASSIC song.  Everybody I\'ve played it for loves it (though it got zero play on radio), and Gracie Slick\'s voice never sounded better, or more powerful and lambent.  This is quite simply, a progressive-rock masterpiece that builds to a climactic crescendo of guitars and Gracie\'s "take no prisoners" clarion vocal chords.  Next is "Keep on Dreamin," a very minor hit single for Starship.  This is a great pop ditty, not in the same class as "Winds...," by any stretch of the imagination, but a decent enough song in its own right.  Short, sweet, and suitable either for AOR or hit radio.  It possesses an infectious quality about it which ends up making it irresistibly hummable!  Okay - fast forward to "Out of Control."  Like its title says, this song is an orgiastic romp with Gracie sounding like she\'s been dipping into the "magic mushroom fondue" again.  But it\'s a GREAT song, regardless - experimental and bold; brash and hard driving; rocking and contagious.  Certainly a unique creative departure, and welcome addition to, Starship\'s collection, and an almost entirely forgotten work of mad genius to this day.  The rest of the GOODIES follow in quick succession.  "Can\'t Find Love" is a progressive-rock gold nugget.  I *LOVE* Craig Chaquico\'s guitars on this album, especially on songs like this one.  His distortion level is "Goldilocks" - JUST RIGHT!  And the engineers didn\'t bury his axe in the mix.  You almost never think of Airplane, let alone Starship, as a "heavy metal" band, but this album (perhaps the reason why it went so underplayed), proves the group CAN JAM, and they do it here all over the place.  Next up, my ABSOLUTE FAVE when I received this album as an LP for Christmas in 1982:  "Black Widow."  With Craig\'s guitars going ALL OUT on this rock classic, and with Gracie\'s voice so clear and so seductive - by jiminey - you just want to "climb into her web" with her (as the dominatrix, deadly spider) while she\'s inviting the listener (you!) to do just that in her lyrics.  A combination of staccato, stop-time, heavy-amped guitar riffs (think Canadian power trio Rush during their best "metallurgical" work of the 70s), softened by rich refrain, full-out group harmonies, laced with Gracie\'s interspersed verse lines:  all come-hither "take it sucker" vocals that conjure images of the star dressed in a Corinthian-leather, black-and-red teddy, one leg kneeling on a bed, the other planted firmly on the floor in stilletoed high-heel, with a greased cat-o-nine-tails clenched in her fist, whose wrist is wrapped in a platinum bracelet beset with steel spikes!  "Take it, Sucker" INDEED!  Would that more radio stations had, because "Black Widow" is as good as anything by Rush, Blue Oyster Cult, Kansas or Angel, only with a female lead vocal.  This is arguably the BEST song on this album, or TIED for best with "Winds of Change."  Finally, "I Came Back From the Jaws of the Dragon" hearkens us to "Red Octopus" days and the very best of those, with its "Play on Love" feel and "group chant" ethos.  This song also rocks and once again, features Gracie Slick in superb form.  In fact, one can easily argue that "Winds of Change" IS Gracie\'s album, with Craig bringing out the powerful beauty, the best AND the BEAST in her.  To wrap this review up, ANY rock-and-roll album, and I mean ANY, that has 6 out of 9 great, listenable, well-written songs and superb production value to boot - DESERVES a place in ANY rock fan\'s collection.  If this is the first time you ever heard of "Winds of Change" by Jefferson Starship, you may be forgiven.  But to ignore this review and thereby to bypass this album is a mistake you render at your audial peril.  Get this album now!  It will be nigh IMPOSSIBLE, with 6 of 9 stellar rock pieces, and arguably some of Gracie\'s FINEST work, and arguably some of Craig\'s BEST of his best work on display as well - for you to NOT listen raptly and intently, with headphones tightly (but comfortably) enconsced over your "salivating ear drums" (talk about a mixed metaphor there), imagining that you\'re in a fast sports convertible (passenger seat preferred), top down, riding fast with the wind in your hair and lightning coming up over the horizon on a thunderclouded midwest plain, jamming to "The Winds of Change."', 'When this project was originally announced, I rolled my eyes and had absolutely no desire to bother checking it out. But time passed, and right on time as I do every couple of years, I got that itch that can only be scratched by digging out all of my Metallica and listening to it in chronological order. When I got to Death Magnetic, I remembered "Oh god... after this they did that Lou Reed album. Eh, what else am I going to blow money on this week?" I bit the bullet and here I am.  Metallica- imagine that once per year or so, Metallica goes into a recording studio to just get together and jam and come up with some riffs that might be suitable for being crafted into an actual song someday. Imagine that out of those sessions, 90% of it is just worthless drivel; overly simplistic repetitive riffs that go on for several minutes too long, until the band realizes that nothing interesting is happening and finally abandons it. That\'s exactly what most of this stuff sounds like, a bunch of aimless throw-away jams.  Lou Reed- He\'s a self-parody on this album. I already have an aversion to poetry* and this album didn\'t help. Quite the opposite in fact. Some of this crap was literally embarrassing to listen to. Pretty sure I actually blushed a couple of times. I\'m not very familiar with much of his post-VU stuff, certainly nothing from the last 20 years. But I\'d be shocked if it was as bad as this.  This is another one for the "Metallica is trying to out-Spinal-Tap Spinal Tap" file. I can just imagine everyone in the studio while this album was being made, Cliff Burnstein standing in the middle of the room, enthusiastically bobbing his head to a rhythm that nobody else can hear. I\'d rather listen to S&M again than this. But I\'d rather get paper cuts between all of my fingers and toes than listen to S&M again. I might make an exception for one song, Junior Dad. The music was dominated by what sounded like some kind of droning melodica, or an accordion or bagpipes or something, and Reed\'s babbling was kept to a minimum. It kinda reminded me of Jesu. It went on for almost 20 minutes, but it never made me wish I was deaf, which I can\'t say for most of the other songs. It\'s the closest thing this album has to a redeeming quality, the only thing stopping me from giving it only one star.  *Excepting: Richard Brautigan and Kurt Brecht', 'I so agree with the last reviewer!  As to another reviewer\'s dissertation on what constitues a "Mozart singer", hogwash!  Montserrat Caballe failing to understand at every moment that she is singing Mozart?  Hogwash!  A \'Mozart singer\' is like every other \'singer\' - you got it or you ain\'t; the rest is intellectual preening and has nothing to do with genuine operatic art. And what singing this is - a Cosi to treasure!  Mozart\'s ensemble writing in this opera surpasses that of his other operas, and Baker, Cotrubas and Caballe find an emotional perfection in the rendering that alters the earth\'s orbit!  I\'ve not heard another Cosi like it since Cotrubas\' earlier recording with von Stade and Stratas.  I also have the Harmonia Mundi recording and find it mundane by comparison.  Veronique Gens has fioriture up her sleeve; she can pull it out, but she sings with the emotional depth of a teenager.  Hers is a vocal aesthetic for Lully or Rameau, but not Bach, and certainly Mozart suggests that more consolidation of resources is necessary.  Why not hire David Bowie for the role?  -might as well.  What is more \'stylish\' than the musicianship these peerless singers and musicians bring to this surpassing Cosi?  Please not Rene Jacobs\' arcane treatment of the score, though I do admire the Cologne orchestra, particularly the weight of the strings, but that too cerebral \'informed classicism\' always sticks its little notebook up into the musical air.  Colin Davis rivals his own Tosca (also with Caballe) in this recording.  The Covent Garden forces shine under his watch, even more, they consistently reach into themselves and deep into Mozart, deep into the opera - an attribute I would not ordinarily ascribe to this opera orchestra and chorus.  Nicolai Gedda will probably die still insufficiently revered, he is one of the supreme artists of our time, or any time; he is as desirable an actor as he is miraculous singer.  Even now, as things fall apart, he remains the present heart of any opera ensemble.  His artistry burnishes this recording to a glow.  Get this recording - it really has no rival at present.', 'Kanye West is a genius.  Not only does he flow with a barbed wit, he is able to take a variety of forms to add to his hip-hop, rap base.  His latest C.D. `Graduation\' picks up where `Late Registration\' left off.  His theme demonstrates the difference between our dreams and life\'s disappointing realities.  Slicker than his last outing, Kanye\'s titles tell much of the story, but his lyrics nail the subject matter thoroughly.  Even the artwork tells his audience volumes.  Not as punchy as `Late Registration\'s "Sierra Leone" or "Gold Digger," he manages to get ethereal for the opener "Good Morning," "I Wonder," and "Flashing Lights" which add formidable rap to the traditional pop mix.  His humor is in finest form on "Barry Bonds," with a stinging anti-glamour rap that goes off in several directions but ends up at a certain destination.  There\'s resiliency added to the mix with "Stronger" which is only familiar for its clich refrain:  "That that don\'t kill me, can only make me stronger."  In my opinion, "Champion," with its native rhythms and synthesizers is the most outstanding track.  Between sweet sounds, perceptively sharp lyrics, Kanye has finished his trilogy on a good note. "Big Brother" is both a celebration and a protest against the trappings that put him on top.  Even obtaining one\'s goals has its downside, too.  As for the rest of us we have to hold onto our dreams and try to bridge the gap so aptly stated by one of the best and biggest wise guys recording today.  GO KANYE!', 'I was looking for hard to find songs from the 60\'s rock genre, and found some other interesting selections on this cd.  I appreciate music in all forms and various genres, but I thought this was fairly specific in its title.  I was surprised to find some songs that just didn\'t seem to fit.  I really didn\'t mind hearing them, but I think a good title list would be appropriate, so here goes:  1.  Lightning Strikes  by Lou Christie 2.  Every Day I Have to Cry  by Steve Alaimo 3.  Everybody  by Tommy Roe 4.  Tobacco Road  by Nashville Teens 5.  Black is Black  by Los Bravos 6.  My Boy Lollipop  by Millie Small 7.  Hold Me Tight  by Johnny Nash 8.  Pata Pata  by Miriam Makeba 9.  Nothing But a Heartache  by The Flirtations 10. (Just Like) Romeo and Juliet  by The Reflections 11. (Down at) Papa Joe\'s  by The Dixiebells 12. A Kookie Little Paradise  by Jo Ann Campbell 13. Sailor  by Lolita 14. Rumors  by Johnny Crawford 15. Laurie  by Dickey Lee 16. I\'m Leaving It Up to You  by Dale & Grace 17. Walk Away Renee  by The Left Banke 18. Master Jack  by Four Jacks and a Jill 19. Witchi Tai To  by Everything is Everything 20. Guantanamera  by The Sandpipers 21. The More I See You  by Chris Montez  I really enjoy all but about eight of the 21 listed titles, so I guess it was okay to risk this purchase.  If you are looking for any of these tunes, the quality of this cd is okay.  I noticed that on some of the songs, like "Walk Away Renee" the sound wasn\'t balanced in stereo.  This is such a rich recording in it\'s original form due to the use of strings along with the typical rock guitars and drums, that to have this song on a cd and not hear it as it was meant to be is a bit disappointing.  That is really my only major complaint.  Otherwise, all titles are sung by the original artists and is pretty well done.', "'No Security' came out in 1999. When I heard it was from the 'Bridges To Babylon' tour, I was thrilled because I thought it was the soundtrack to the live dvd. How wrong I was. Actually, it's a mishmash of old and new songs taken from different tour stops, with a few tunes from the dvd. The worst things on 'No Security' are the newer songs. 'You Got Me Rocking' isn't exactly one of their signature tunes, and this, the live versions, proves it. 'Saint Of Me' lyrically sounds like 'Sympathy For The Devil, Pt. 2', and it's a bad tune. And I gave up on the Keith Richards-sung blues 'Theif In The Night' before it was finished. And 'Out Of Control' is overblown with a manic production. If you think these new songs are really bad, the band even makes a mess out of one of my favorite old Stones songs. At first, I was thrilled to see that they included a live performance 'Memory Motel'. I thought it would be great to hear Keith and Mick sing a song together live. However, this version is not what I expected. Dave Matthews shares the mic with Mick on the song, while Keith is just relegated to singing only the 'She's Got A Mind...' parts. Matthews' voice also lacks the sincerity of his 'Wild Horses' duet that's on the dvd. However, there are a few excellent exceptions. One of the new songs, 'Flip The Switch' is really good. Kicking off with an excellent Charlie Watts drum solo and featuring the very dynamic, powerful guitar playing chemistry between Keith & Ronnie Wood, it's pure Stones. The band also revives the overlooked 'Sticky Fingers' masterpice 'Sister Morphine', finally giving it the respect it deserves with a gem of a performance. The version of 'Live With Me' most definitely eclipses the versions on 'Let It Bleed' and 'Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out'. This is one of the single best performances of their career. Their version of 'Respectable' is delivered in a respectable version, with hot guitar licks and Mick's wild vocals. Taj Mahal shows to duet with Mick on the blues standard, 'Corinna'. 'Waiting On A Friend' and 'The Last Time' are my two of my favorite tracks here. Both are performed with true Stones showmabship. However, 'Gimme Shelter' is astoundingly great, with awesome guitar licks and the phenomonally great vocals of Lisa Fischer. This is probably the single best performance of the band's career. However, the album's a downer otherwise, and they could've replaced them with great tracks from the tour. Where is 'Satisfaction', the tour's standout? 'Tumbling Dice'? 'Jumpin' Jack Flash'? 'Let's Spend The Night Together'? 'Brown Sugar'? All the great Stones live songs excluded. I'm going to see the Stones at that televised Madison Square Garden HBO concert on January 18th, and if the set list is anything like this, I'm leaving the show.", 'This is a great collection from a great lady with a great voice from an era when talent and not looks ruled the roost!!  Not that she didn\'t have the looks, she certainly did but what makes Jody Miller special is her ability to take a song made popular by other artists and make it her own.  Not many people can do this.  Case in point:  Reba McEntire\'s disastrous "Starting Over" CD...in no way could she even start to match the originals.  But Jody\'s case is different because she HAD the ability to take classic material and make it her own.  Her delivery and phrasing are impeccable.  She also had several hits on original material the best of which is "Look at Mine".  "Country Girl" is also a great cut!  "Reflections" is excellent.  Of the covers she does justice to all of them and shines especially on "He\'s So Fine" and the beautiful "Baby I\'m Yours".  She is especially touching and poignant on the Shirelle\'s hit "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" and at the end when she softly whispers "Tell Me Baby" right before the last tag on "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" one feels the song because she feels it. The arrangement is exceptional!! A great interpreter of lyrics she knows how to put a song over without going over the top like today\'s country wannabes.  She never quite made it to the upper heights of 70s country like Loretta or Tammy but her talent certainly matched up to all the best!  This compilation is a testament to that!', 'The 3 CDs in the GRACE JONES: DISCO box set deserves 5-stars and comes with a booklet written by author Daryl Easlea that provides a bio of Jones and describes the circa, which helps to contextualize the songs on these albums, so listeners will understand a little about the time and place that produced it. There are color photos in the booklet and it also includes track discography.  Each CD has been remastered beautifully and you can really hear Grace warbling on some of the songs especially on PORTFOLIO. I don\'t know if she had some vocal coaching after a few of the first cuts, but once you get to "La Vie En Rose" her voice is much more confident sounding and finds its own pitch, rhythm, and style that she would go on to hone and serve to us once she got to Compass Point (1980s) recording sessions.  Likewise, there are plenty of extra tracks on each CD that make this set worth buying even if you already have the original LPs or CDs of any of the three.  The album covers have been recreated and each CD is housed in its own jacket, and all three, including the booklet, store inside the thick and sturdy black box that is shown in the item picture.  I knocked off one-star because the CDs are just placed inside the cardboard album jacket without any type of protection like a plastic sleeve and the cardboard jacket isn\'t laminated on the inside, so the CDs could become scratched or damaged when taking them in/out. I don\'t know why the company Island/Universal, which lovingly produced the set, would simply drop the ball on this last step? It seems odd since everything else about the set was given the proper attention and care.  Most would say that this is nitpicking but if you scratch the CD in the right way it will skip on that section and become unplayable.  Otherwise this would be a solid 5-star reissue. In any case, GRACE JONES: DISCO is definitely worth picking up. Also, like another reviewer pointed out, be sure of the format you are buying. When this set was up for pre-order the item\'s description was scarce so I had inadvertently ordered the bluray music disc of DISCO and had to send it back.  If you are unfamiliar with Grace Jones\'s work, I would suggest starting off with the CD ISLAND LIFE (ASIN B000001FTH) which provides not only the stand out tracks from the first two albums (Portfolio, Fame) but also includes the best cuts of the 80s (and includes the single "Slave To The Rhythm").']
["This out of all the many versions of Jane Eyre has to be my least favorite... Granted Samantha Morton has  a very  adorable fairy/ Elfin like face like Mr Rochesters Description of her, but her acting has  no highs and lows. She stands up to Mr Edwards a little too much giving really snappy answers, seemingly no respect to her employer, which is not fault of  hers, the writing of the script is bad.... and so the direction. Ciaran Hinds  is totally over the top. He is so angry with no understanding, his eyes are  very lustful and at times  crazed.  He is not at all like the character  described in Brontes epic book of a very sad and  tortured man who falls hopelessly in love with the  innocence and singular personality of earnest, honest and yet strong sweet  Jane Eyre that Charlotte Bronte brought so vividly to life with her classic words.   The over acting of both during the proposal scene is almost comical. To me there is no love, feeling  or chemistry here between the two actors just lust.... He seems to be going through a middle age crises just eyeing up this young girl, and she though supposedy a virgin...  she dosn't act like one.  Plus this movie  seems very rushed you can never get a good foot hold of the story Especially during Janes childhood. I do also miss the Gypsy scene that is omitted in many of these movies and was expertly done in the Dalton /Clarke mini series, which brought some brief light heartednes to an otherwise very dark story.  If you want to see great versions. I  highly rate the 1944 movie with Orson Wells though it is another abreviatd version, that movie truly captured the spirit and feel. It is moody dark and mysterious. Another is the fantastic Timothy Dalton version which is most accurate to the book of all the movies taking actual lines right from the  Brontes story.  Dalton's and Clarkes acting is simply superbly sublime!  However if you are like me, see them all and make your own decision. They all have something to offer and most are entertaining...", "Matthew Sweet is the guy who turned me onto the alternative rock sound back in the 90's with an appearance on Allan Havey's Night After Night on Comedy Network.  The pop and rock with Anime visuals of Girlfriend go me hooked and my admiration of his music started there... it doesn't end here, but maybe Mr Sweet and I need musical counseling.  Some albums take me a while to like (such as Blue Skies On Mars) and some I loved instantly (100% Fun), Modern Art on first blush is one I am going to have trouble really liking.  The production and effort put forth by Mr Sweet feels more like a very polished demo recording.  Some of this might be the barebones style of the album, not many hands on deck.  As for the sound, Modern Art is mostly, to me, more of a slightly more rock version of Gordon Lightfoot.  I think Sunshine Lies sort of pointed the way here, but I was hoping Mr Sweet would snap back to a sound I like more.  Whereas past efforts have always bridged that rift between rock and pop it feels like a mix between pop and 70's easy listening.  There is not a track after giving a once over that I really remember and I might not put this album on full or exclusive rotation in my library (I am old fashioned in that I do like listening to full albums on a regular basis).  The quality of production is top notch and sports a different sound, which after referring to the liner notes is it was digital to analog back to digital.  I am not sure if this makes Modern Art better, but it has a slightly different sound which I can appreciate.  All said and done I am not sure who this album is for, is it going to attract new listeners?  No, it is not that good or distinctive of an album.  Is it going to make long term fans of Matthew Sweet fans happy?  Speaking for myself on this mark, no.  Is it a bad album?  No... but it is one that leaves me confused and disappointed.  I wish I could like it more, but Modern Art is an album that doesn't return the favor.", 'Sorry I couldn\'t think of a better title for this, but it\'s true. I found this on amazon & on the strength of just a couple of selections ordered it. I wasn\'t disappointed. Tebaldi has a sweetness and charm to her voice that has always suited Puccini roles. While the voice is strong, there\'s a vulnerability in it, much like the role of Minnie. She does hit a couple of strident notes but overall this is a terrific Minnie. Especially nice are two scenes, 1) the one where she is reading the Bible to the miners and 2) the one at the end of Act I where Johnson is telling her not to cry, that she has the face of an angel- her sobbing is very real sounding, but not overpowering the wonderful legato & pianissimo of Del Monaco.  Which brings me to him. I think this is one of the best recordings of his I\'ve ever heard. His strong steely voice is just right for Johnson and he seems to sing with a sensitivity here that is very special. I personally think these two were meant to sing these roles. Too bad they were too young to do the premier (which featured Caruso & Destinn.)  And last, but NOT least, Cornell MacNeil. His Rance is to freakin\' die for! His aria, "Minnie, dalla mia casa" is so sumptuous, sexy and appealing I nearly slipped off my seat the first time I heard it! It\'s funny because the first time I heard him sing was as a kid when he sang the aria from Andrea Chenier at the MET centennial- he got such an ovation & I thought his singing not very good (he was past his prime at that point- I\'ll be lucky if I can sing that long!) but the ovation puzzled me... why? Well now I know why. WHAT A VOICE!  The conducting & pacing seems perfect to me. Overall very worth the price and an opera that I\'ve listened to many times since purchasing it. I figure if it doesn\'t collect dust, it must be doing something right!', 'KEEP YOUR 94\'s. So much sounds so different here, it\'s like it\'s not even the same mix. It\'s out with the cozy and familiar, in with the...scary. Collins\' vocals sound too high. The speeds of "Squonk," "Ripples," maybe other tracks, sound sluggish, actually slower. The keys on "Entangled" are quite attenuated, and the bass thuds to the ground and stays there in certain places. The vibes are generally weird and bastardized-sounding throughout, and the volume is also cranked way up (usually suspicious when nothing\'s been done, but here brazen and purposeless). In the light of all this, who cares if you can hear the lyrics better? Or a bell or a whistle... I have my doubts about the validity of the harmonic backing vocals on "Dance on a Volcano"; again, just be prepared to hear something that either wasn\'t properly hearable or wasn\'t even supposed to be hearable before this release. I haven\'t found much to commend this effort; they\'ve taken a smooth, lovely, and quietish album and made it sound like there\'re new-agey space mutants tickling their tendrils all over the control board, geekily pushing buttons. They must\'ve pushed one of mine. I\'m so glad the recent ELP remasters didn\'t go this way. You\'re still hearing Genesis but you might start kicking yourself for humming along. UPDATE 2013: Time has allowed my ears to take this release as not being quite so obnoxious as what I wrote above. I\'m glad to have it for the ah-ha sounds, though much prefer the straighter remixes they did of the rest of the 2007 catalogue.', "I bought this light a few months ago, along with a comparable Eddie Bauer lantern and a no-brand lantern.  Hurricane Sandy rolled through this week, and we had our first real test of the lanterns when the power went out (and stayed out).  The Eddie Bauer lantern was not as bright and lasted only about an hour before going dim.  The no-brand lantern lasted a bit longer but was very difficult to use -- it wasn't configured to put the light where needed.  Our d.lights, on the other hand, performed flawlessly.  We used both the area lantern (the d.light S10) and also this task light (d.light S1).  The area lantern (the S10) kept large (15x30 foot) living spaces lit well enough to work (preparing dinner, etc.).  And the task light (S1) was fantastic for reading, doing paperwork, etc.  All of the d.light lanterns lasted from sundown to bed time at full brightness -- the S10 lanterns were on the whole time (about 6 hours), while the S1 task lights were used intermittently (probably 3-4 hours).  Both the S10 and the S1 are designed for functionality -- the area lantern is very easy to hang, and the S1 task light puts light right where you need it.  Last but not least, they recharged the next day with only partial sunlight and were ready to go for a second night.  Long and the short of it:  D.light lanterns are awesome!  Hands down, these are the best power outage lanterns available, and at a great price.  I just placed an order for a few more.  These are far more valuable than battery-eating flashlights when facing a sustained power outage.  05-Nov-2012:  Important Note.  If you're looking for a whole-room lantern, as opposed to a task, light, you'll probably want to get the d.light S10.  The S1 (this product) is a task light, for reading, etc.  Both are great products -- just designed for slightly different uses.", "There are a lot of pro's and con's with this case. I had a trident case for my S3 and decided to stick with them since I like how sturdy they are.  Pro's - The two-piece design ensures that this case has a tight fit and will not slide or deform. - The hard plastic on top does not cover any sensors or buttons in a way that makes them difficult to use. - The soft silicone portions help to prevent the phone from sliding, either in your hand, on a table, or on your car's dash.  Con's - The built-in screen protector is a good idea, but it fails to function properly. It does not meld to the screen like other protectors, but leaves a small gap between the protector and the screen. I have removed it from the case but would have to take apart the case once a week to clean out accumulated dust. - There is a piece of plastic right next to the charger port. This keeps a silicone flap in place to help with weather-proofing the phone. This plastic also makes it impossible to use certain charger wires, such as the one I use in my car. The wire will connect but fall out if pressure is not applied. Like the screen protector, I have removed this from the phone and am more satisfied with it. - While it is good that the case is tight due to the two-piece design, it is a real pain to remove. If you don't have strong nails you may need to use a flathead screwdriver to remove it.  Overall, I would probably not recommend this specific case to someone, but I am willing to give Trident another try whenever i upgrade since my S3 case was very good.", 'I rather like this case.  It\'s the one my Galaxy S4 is "wearing" at the moment.  The hard shell is bonded to the protective inner layer.  The silicon "grip" portion (horizontal lines on the back of the case) protrude through just a bit, and are very effective at giving you a sure grip.  Without those grips, I wouldn\'t buy this case, it would be to slippery for me.  The protective silicon lip around the screen is there, but it\'s not very tall.  That has the advantage of a slimmer profile / less bulk, but if you are using a thicker glass-type screen protector, this might not offer you enough face-down protection.  I\'m using the standard plastic film screen protector, and the lip seems sufficient.  I mentioned "details" in my description, here is an example.  The corners of the plastic shell are interrupted with narrow channels through which the silicon protrudes.  That\'s brilliant.  In the event of a drop, it would let the hard case edges, particularly the vulnerable corner, to flex a bit, reducing the likelyhood of cracking, while the softer silicon can take the brunt of the impact inertia.  That\'s just a nice touch.  There are more protective cases out there, but I really like the look of the Speck Grip, and it has a quality feel in the hand.  If the trade-off is between protection and bulk, the Speck CandyShell Grip is a good compromise for me, working in an indoor environment that is just a little harsher than carpeted office setting.  For a little more protection in similar style, I like the Ballistic Aspire cases also.  My wife uses that one, and it impresses me also.', "I purchased this protective case because I liked that I could get decorative battery covers and use a clear case to cover it all.  This case was so inexpensive, I wasn't really holding high hopes. Maybe it would be good, maybe not - roll the dice and see.  I am pleased to say that this case is really much better than I thought it ever would be.  First, the button covers. Most protective cases have cutouts for the buttons on the left and right sides of the phone.  This one completely covers the buttons.  The nice thing, this doesn't at all diminish the feel or the usefulness of the buttons - and dirt and debris can't get into the little cracks and crevices, which I love. The top and bottom cutouts are correctly placed and the camera opening is generous without being sloppy.  I have only had the case for a short time so I can't speak to its durability.  I can say that I am able to take the case off without using a sharp object, which is a plus, but I don't ever get the sense that it's too lose or insecure at all.  As I mentioned, I want to change the battery covers out seasonally so I find it wonderful that I can get this off fairly easily.  The case is soft, and though it isn't slick, it won't stop the phone from sliding off of a surface by itself.  With that said, I put my remote control on a slick surface and my phone, with case, on the same surface next to it and tilted the surface to see what would happen.  The remote slid much more quickly than the phone with the case. I had at least 25 seconds longer to catch the phone with the case than I believe it would have slid off without the case.  I like the odds that turns in my favor.  For a case that runs less than eight bucks, I'm very pleased.  I might go ahead and get a couple to save in the event that this isn't durable, because I sure do think I got a good deal.", "I've only had this unit for about 24 hours, but I really like it.  These are my initial impressions, and I compare this to the Motorola H680 as overall about equal, very similar to the findings by a major consumer-oriented organization as to these two Bluetooths.  I gave my used H680 away to a friend of mine because she was driving me crazy always speaking to me over her speaker phone while driving.  She used the speaker phone out of necessity because in California you can not put the phone to your ear while driving, and her bluetooth's battery had died.  My friend is not mechanically adept and I would've kept the H680 otherwise.  It is smaller and more convenient to use than this Plantronics, but I feel the sound quality with this unit is better.  This unit takes some adjustment so I hope the following comments will be of benefit to those of you who purchase this unit:  1.  Thoroughly read the instruction booklet.  2.  Thoroughly read the instruction booklet.  3.  Once you have thoroughly read the instruction booklet (it's not lengthy) and you get past setting it for your left ear (if that is your desire), the only major thing to do is to determine which of the three eartips is best for you.  This is important for comfort and I suggest that you start with the smallest tip and work your way up.  I am using the smallest tip-it works best for me.  Though the unit appears to be somewhat awkward looking, it really is not uncomfortable on the ear if you accustom yourself to placing the eartip comfortably in your ear first (contrary to the booklet and as if the unit did not contain the curved attachment)-the rest will follow.  Sound is crisper than with the H680, and appears louder.  You can't go wrong with either, but I think I like this one more.  Update:  1/7/10  Sound is definitely better with this unit, and it appears to hold charge longer than H680.  Voyager is definitely larger than H680.  When you get past that, and realize the benefits of sound quality and longer use on a charge, you might favor, as I do, the Voyager 510.  It's quite enjoyable not to have to repeat myself when transmitting - no one on receiving end has complained about poor sound quality!", "I have been debating on getting this case for a long time for my iPhone 6.  I got it today and have tried it out for water and it works great. Touch ID works great!  And I don't know why others have complained so much about the silent button but it works every single time I have done it.  Over a dozen times I've silenced the phone to test it and it always worked.  They either fixed the issues or others had faulty cases.  The screen protector is thin and typing is very easy, and I'm one of those guys who likes the glass for texting. No regrets so far.  Glad I finally got it and wish now I had done it a while ago.  I work in construction and dust is a big deal.  I don't really drop my phone so drop protection is not a big deal to me.  People expect too much from a thin phone case and expect to take it deep sea diving and have it not leak.  This case should be more for a little pool use or just accidental drops in water.  UPDATE!!  I do love this case and have used it for 10 days with zero issues other than it doesn't come with a warranty card inside that has the registration number on it!  You have to buy from a Verizon store only.  That is directly from the rep at lifeproof.  I was unable to register it, so I am returning it.  If you want the water protection warranty,  don't buy from Amazon or any other retailer but Verizon . No I don't work for Verizon", 'I love this case! When I first got it, I was a little disappointed, since it did not close tightly, but have since adjusted to that (guess I was so used to the magnetic closure on IPad cases). I downloaded an app called "Stay Alive" so the screen does not go dark in10 seconds (kind of defeated the purpose of having the little window). One screen shows the clock and when you swipe to the left, it shows the weather info (this is the screen I use). But what I love is the fact that when I receive an email, the info regarding the email  runs across the top of the screen- so I do not have to go into my email to see who the email  was from (hope this makes sense!). I also love the fact that I can pick up calls (or hang up) without opening the cover. Can also talk on the phone with the cover closed.  When I am on the internet for a long time, and fold the cover back, I do worry that it might not close tight again -- but I usually just place it down (with the window facing down) for a little while, and seems to be fine. The clock and weather in the window are in black and white (not color as the picture shows) which seems to bother some buyers. I am ok with that. I have also used the timer on my phone, and when it goes off, I can just dismiss it without opening the cover. I love this so much that I plan on buying another in the black (I have the white now and I know that eventually it will get dirty). This is just a great addition to a great phone (which I also LOVE). BTW-- I also love the fact that I do not have to constantly be hitting the on/off button on the side of the phone (main reason I bought it)- just open and close the cover instead. Any questions - just ask, I will be glad to answer if I can. JUST LOVE THIS CASE!!!  Just wanted to add to this review-- if you receive this case and it does not close tightly- send it back. I ended up liking this case so much I bought another in black and it closes with no problem! I can also fold the cover back without worrying that it is not going to close tightly again. Obviously the last one I received was defective. Now that I received one that closes correctly I am even more thrilled with the case!!  Again, I have to add to this review because I just updated to Lollypop (not because I wanted to , but several apps were no longer supported on JellyBean). Once I did this, the front window shows the time & date (which looks nice)-- but I can no longer swipe to the left, to get the weather, and to see incoming emails. I am so incredibly disappointed. This is what I loved about this case. Little by little I am changing my view of Huawei. No longer in love with this case!', 'These lenses are small but they do great job in adding effects to my photos and videos. See attached pictures. The picture on the top was taken without the lenses. The bottom pictures are with the addition of the Aukey lenses. These Aukey lenses work great with my iPhone and with the included clips, taking photo/video with these lenses is a breeze.  The wide-angle fisheye lens is great for capturing "selfies" and creating viaual effects by rounding the view of the sorroundings. As you can see, the center of the image did not come out distorted with the use of the fisheye lens. The overall view is still very clear but it creates this wonderful full-screen image.  The other lens, the 20X macro lens is very good for magnifying small objects and bringing them to full view using just an iPhone without any distortion. The lens is small but is very powerful. Please see the flower (bottom picture is the one taken using the 20X macro lens).  I remember having to pay $100 for each set of fisheye or macro lens for my Canon Rebel Ti Digital SLR camera. The DSLR camera and lenses are both heavy and bulky. It\'s also very inconvenient to carry the big SLR camera and lenses on a regular basis.  Whereas with these Aukey lenses, you can store and carry them securely in a very nice and small case all the time. Pair the lenses with your iPhone and you can pretty much capture nice photos and videos without the bulkiness of a real SLR camera. Also, the price is very reasonable. Where can you find SLR camera lenses at this price?', 'I purchased this item back in Feb 2013.  The item was packaged in a very nice box with instructions and A/C vent clips.  Pros: Easy to place on windshield, had a very strong suction and was easy to remove when needed. It will hold any phone securely, even with the case on.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S3.  Does not block the sides , top or bottom, so charging a phone while it\'s in the cradle is not a problem.  No vibration when hitting pot holes.  Strong Suction.  This sucker will not fall off the window.  Full 360 degree swivel  Cons: After a few months, the swiveling ball joint starts getting loose.  Even after tightening it to the max, the cradle moves and vibrates slightly.  On 05/05/2013,  it finally died and it became useless, the joint spins and will not hold the cradle up. It droops down like a sad puppy.  The cradle is a 2 piece, the part that holds the phone is one , and the other is the suction cup and swivel joint.  The problem is the clip that holds the cradle to the swivel joint does not lock in place tightly.  Even though it slides it perfectly and it holds snuggly, those who may switch to landscape may see the unit fall off.  The release button becomes harder and harder to push and release your phone.  In the end, when the holder finally died, to add insult to injury, when I pushed the release button, it would not release at all.  I had to literally pry the s*** open to get my phone out.  Even though Mivizu offers a 1 year warranty, where can you file one?  No website, no phone #.  The only reason I gave it a 2 star was that it started off very well.  But after a short time, this product is worthless garbage and ended up in the circular file under "CRAP"  DON\'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS, GO FIND ANOTHER PRODUCT.', "I ordered multiple cases to try out for my  iPhone 5.  This one was the pick for the black iPhones in the family.  I was not sure how the flexible plastic case would work and if it would stay on the phone. I have used the soft flexible rubber cases in the past, you know the ones that fall off the phone when you slide then into your jeans pocket.  This one is not at all like that, it is a harder plastic that is just flexible enough to get onto your phone, there is no way it will  come off during normal use. I also really like the texture.  It is a matte finish that gives a little grip and is not slippery,  but it is also not sticky and slides into your jeans pocket with no issue just like the glossy plastic cases.  I saw the review that says that the glossy front bezel makes it look cheap. I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder because I think it looks nice, it matches the shiny bezel on the edge of the iPhone nicely.  The holes are appropriately sized for the rear camera, mute switch,  bottom speakers and lightening plug.  The headphone jack is 'normal' size.  If you have a fat aux cable or headphones you are out of luck, but just make sure that you get the right size plugs an it will work fine.  I have learned over the years of trying to find the right case that you just need to pay attention to size when you buy accessories.  The buttons for the on/off switch and the volume buttons are built into the case.  I have had cases that are too tight and the pressure of the case makes the buttons too sensitive.  That is not the situation with this case. The pressure required on the buttons is appropriate.  If I am being a bit too picky here,  the power button takes just slightly too much pressure to push but  the volume buttons are perfect in terms of pressure.  The case is nicely thin, thinner than other iPhone 5 cases that Iooked at.  But at the same time gives good protection with the lip on front of the case and at the corners.", "I agree with the other reviewer!  must have!!!  This is first, beautifully made,  no cheap corners cut,  it comes with everything you need to get your phone prepared to install the screen protector and also,  the clearest directions, and you will not find this at all difficult to install onto your phones screen!  I  promise you that!  It is so very easy,  it sets beautifully and this type of screen protector,  has NO bubbles!  yahoo!! The thing I wanted to mention, that was one thing really important to me,  is what stopped me from buying a tempered glass screen protector for years, and kept me using the rather defenseless plastic ones. First myth: They add bulk to your phone... Fact:  NO they do NOT add any bulk to your glass!  My defense cases and outterbox commuter cases fit lovely, perfect fits,  and you cannot see that there is something else on your screen. I must say,  I love that it looks like its just my screen,  AND it feels like my screen! Second myth: They lower your touch screen's touch sensitivity... Fact:  NO they do not at all interfere with your screen's sensitivity and actually,  another point,  is that the feel of the glass, and the touch sensitivity,  I have been using mine for two weeks,  to make sure I had substantially used my phone a lot, with the screen protector on, so I could give the most honest review possible,  and the thing I mentioned before,  it is like my original glass!  I love it!  so smooth and perfect touch sensitivity! Third Myth: My cases won't fit anymore: Fact:  Again,  there IS no added bulk!  truly and honestly,  I am using mine, and have for a little over 2 weeks, I am using my otterbox defender case now,  and also used my commuter case and a symmetry case I have,  just to check if my expensive cases would still fit,  that is of great import!  I paid a lot for my case,  as you all have too I am sure, and you want that protection you invested in to still be of use and YES it absolutely is,  there is no added bulk,  no added thickness, my cases have fit as they would and did before, with no glass screen protection. I hope this helps, because I Have the Samsung galaxy s5,  and yes, my cases all of them,  fit lovely! Fourth Myth: They don't work: Fact:  which I am so happy to share!  I have dropped my phone,  as we all do on occasion, although,  I will admitt,  I drop mine more than the average person! I have small hands and a large phone!  so I usually drop my phone,  every other day,  or okay...maybe daily! I did however drop it without its case on,  and only this glass screen protector,  and that is how my old phone,  my Samsung galaxy s4, got replaced by the now,  s5!  the screen was smashed,  on my s4,  but...It had no case and had a plastic screen protector on!  I never bought the cheaper plastic screen protector either,  I paid a lot for them,  and another thing,  replaced them monthly, because of scratches and general wear on them.  So yes,  I Have or did, put a lot of money into the plastic screen protectors. So upon dropping my galaxy s5,  without case but with this glass screen protector.  I had NO issues!  NOT a one!!  it feel flat on the screen too, and I was honestly surprised that the glass protector did not break,  nor take a single scratch!  So I purchased 2,  so that on my first,  I could play around, and see,  will keys scratch it,  will sand?  Will dropping it ...well okay that drop was accidental!  But still,  NO damage to the glass, OH this is truly amazing protection guys and gals! That is just my honest opinion,  I don't work for these guys,  or amazon,  I stumbled onto this by pure luck! Because like you,  I am just a normal amazon shopper,  I ordered and paid for my my screen protector,  and no one asked me to do a review, I just want you all to know, I am honestly that pleased with this find..... when you find a gem,  you must share with all ! I did buy 2,  like I said to play around and see how much damage i could inflict.  I am still using my first one, and don't see it needing a change, because I could not scratch or wear at the glass, not at all.  I love how easy installation is,  I love how well it has attached itself seamlessly to my phone's original screen,  I really love how well it protects my original glass, and do very much love how it looks and feels!! I ordered mine,. through amazon, and it was the, Samsung's galaxy,  s5 I ordered and the company brand is, COOLREALL so I have not been so excited about a phone screen protector before!!  I had in the past found plastic ones I cold live with,  but they needed to be replaced every couple weeks. I do not see this needing to be replaced!  It offers a lifetime replacement warranty,  and I see why!  You won't need another!  This is a MUST have for all users of glass screen devices,  I only just noticed they also make these beautiful glass screen protectors for tablets too!  I am on my way to order one for my kindle right now!!  You won't be unhappy with your purchase!", "I've always been a fan of Tech Armor. I say always, but I've really only purchased 3 items from them over the last four years (because the lifetime warranty is fantastic, they mean it). I haven't really tried any other brand, but I've never really needed to. Tech Armor screen protectors are a great value, high quality, and have that lifetime warranty I mentioned. This pair of screen protectors for the Surface Pro 3 is no exception! Important note before I forget: keep track of your order number. Flag the email as important or something. You'll need it to take advantage of the warranty.  Some good things: it doesn't hinder visibility, it has cutouts for camera/mic/light sensor/speakers, protects well, and it's quite difficult to tell there's even a screen protector on there. It comes with everything you need for application (stickers, cleaning cloth, bubble killer) and 2 protectors, so you get a freebie screw up. Also, Tech Armor is one of my favorite organizations because of their great customer service.  Some not so great things: the screen protector (obviously) doesn't feel like glass, so dragging your finger across it isn't nearly as smooth. This is somewhat related to the fact that this screen protector attracts a LOT of fingerprints and smudges, quite a bit more than the Surface surface itself (note, this is only for the HD clear protectors, I can't speak for the matte).  There's not much to say about the screen protectors, which is honestly a good thing. As always though, a screen protector only seems as good as the user's application. I somehow managed to get the first screen protector on perfectly without any dust underneath on the first try! Here's how:  Wipe off the screen with the cleaning cloth to get rid of prints and smudges. Don't worry too much about dust right now. Without taking either of the stickers on the protector off, line the screen protector up EXACTLY where you want to put it. Note: as other reviews say, it doesn't sit perfectly flush with the edges, so just be wary of the fact that there will be a tiny gap, so line it up appropriately. Now, when it's positioned, use painter's tape (blue tape) along the TOP edge (the edge with the power button) of the Surface/screen protector to tape down the entire edge. You should be able to touch and pick up the Surface without the screen protector moving at all. Once that is secure, it's time to start worrying about dust. If you have a dusty house or no place to cleanly apply the protector, turn your shower on hot to get some steam in there, to settle dust and prevent more dust from flying up. Once there's some steam, turn the shower off and let things sit for a few minutes (so the Surface screen doesn't fog up). Now, go into your dank and steamy bathroom, and you should be able to flip up the screen protector on the edge you taped on. Use the handy dust stickers to very carefully get any dust/hairs/whatever off the screen. Good lighting is important, and another person may be helpful because this is such a big screen. Once you're positive all the dust is gone, check again. Now, lay the screen protector part of the way back down, but as you do this, start peeling back the sticker on the protector that is against the screen (the one that says Step 1 or something). As you peel, stick it to the screen, and if you have a buddy, keep them on dust duty. That way there is very little time and opportunity for dust to get under there, and you don't have to worry about positioning, since the tape should still be holding it in the right spot. Once everything is stuck, check for dust again under the screen protector. You should be able to lift up a corner (carefully) and get it using the stickers. I live in a house with two dogs and a wife, so there's plenty of dust and hair around here, but I managed to keep all dust out from underneath and get it perfectly aligned on the first try using this method. Remove the painter's tape (again, be careful, because you could pull up the whole protector if you're not careful), and then peel off sticker number 2, pressing down on the protector so you don't pull the whole thing off. Viola! It's a perfect application.  If you're not comfortable with all of this, watch some of Tech Armor's videos. They're helpful. And don't be too afraid to mess up on the first one. Do be afraid to mess up on the second one. If you do screw both of them up beyond repair however, get ahold of Tech Armor. I've had problems in the past, and they have fantastic customer service that will help you with anything you need. Tech Armor 4lyfe.", 'The product I am reviewing here is "International FastCharge3.0 Adaptive USB Wall Charger For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 & Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (Compatible with All Qualcomm QuickCharge QC2.0 Devices) (By PowerPeak)".  By description it charges compatible devices from 0% to 80% in just 35 minutes. And it does, I connected my cellphone, I have application that shows how fast phone charges and it does shows fast charging. In just 40 min it was charged in the range of 80%. (I did killed high power consuming applications first that were running on my phone.) They do not promise fast charge for nothing, to be Quick Charge complaint this charger must charge with this speed.  I don\'t think this charger is faster than OEM charger, the charger that comes with your phone will charge your phone as fast as this one. This charger probably is better and faster charging, but your phone will not allow faster charge since your phone is designed with one or another standard in mind. But this is very good spare charger, that can be used for travel, office or just as spare charger at home. This charger supports 120 and 220 voltage, so it can be used for international travel. In addition, all new devices are moving to a new Quick Charge 3 standard. That means, even if your phone does not support this charger performance today, your new phone you get tomorrow :) will. But today, even if you do not have QC3 complaint phone, this charger will still work for you since it is backward compatible. Means it does support QC1, QC2, and QC3 standards.  It will charge any device you got, may be not with fast QC3 standard speed, but it will work. Quality of the charger have nothing to do with this fact, your device will prevent faster charging, and charger will not supply higher current to prevent damage to your device.  This charger provides over-voltage and over-current protection and has lifetime warranty! It has small led light that tells you if charger is working, it does helps a lot. Not many charges on the market have this future. One thing you need to know, that performance of any charger will vary from phone to phone. You have many apps installed, and each phone uses power while you charging, so you need subtract usage power to understand how fast your phone is charging.', "At the time I'm writing this review, the Samsung Galaxy S7 has been out for 1-1/2 years and its replacement, the Galaxy S8, has been out for 5 months.  So you pretty much have to live under a rock not to have heard about the various limitations (such as edge halo) of the Samsung Super Amoled screens.  Even so, TechMatte has done a great job of describing the compromises that are inherent in their glass screen protector design.  So I am incredulous of all the 1-star reviews written in the last month.  The S-7 has a very thin bezel.  There are glass screen protectors - like this one - which go all the way to the edge of the screen.  Certain brands of protective cases overlap the bezel, pushing up the edges of this style of screen protector.  To address this, other brands of screen protectors don't go to the edge of the bezel - they are undersized by about 1mm - 2mm.  Buyers need to match the style of screen protector with the style of case.  I have a Spigen Thin Fit that fits perfectly with this screen protector (at least, thus far) and I'm trying out other cases which offer a bit more protection.  This screen protector has adhesive only around the edges.  There's an engineering rationale for this which, as I said, TechMatte explains very thoroughly in their product description.  This design has two limitations:  (a) The screen sensitivity is reduced, requiring longer finger contact, particularly around at the edge of the screen.  As noted by other reviewers, the reduction in screen sensitivity is annoying, but I'm learning to live with it.  (b) The adhesive works as a cushion between the screen protector and the screen - without this cushion in the center, the screen protector is more prone to cracking.  At $9.00, I'm willing to replace my screen protector 2-3 times a year.  Better than the $225 cost to replace the screen.  After 1-1/2 years, it's apparent that the design of the S-7 and the S-8 screens forces compromises on accessory manufacturers.  I understand that I need to put some research time into purchasing accessories if I wish to continue as a loyal Samsung customer (although I admittedly looked at LG this time around).  In the short time I've owned this screen protector, it seems the best all-around compromise... at least for my current needs.", "For what they charge for an ounce of rubber and plastic, you'd think they'd get the basics right. But no, this case basically disables TouchID, one of the only reasons I bought an iPhone 6 to replace my trusty 5, and necessary for Apple Pay.  If you use TouchID at all this case is frustrating, and USELESS. The saran wrap film that covers the sensor makes it stop working, and the only way to make it better is to remove the plastic entirely. At which point one must ask what Otter was thinking.  Really maddening ripoff. Buy a cheap case. It won't be any worse.  Otter used to be the best brand of case. My how things change.  Don't waste your money on this junk.  Returning a year later to say that I continued despising this case. It does damage your glass as other reviewers said. The plastic frame cracks. The screen protector turns yellowish and scratched. Just junk for $60.  Otherbox permanently lost my business with this case, after using them for years.  Could not be a bigger ripoff."]
["It's easy to understand why Air Force One was such a big hit. The President saves the country. America has an honorable man as their leader and he's saving them from evil again. Audiences walked out with pride in their hearts (fueled by Jerry Goldsmith's rousing score) and they forgot about the LewinskyGate scandal that was going down with the REAL President at the time.  But the film is very good in it's own right too. Wolfgang Peterson creates a heavy feeling of tension, Ford a likeable hero and Oldman as Korshunov, a rotten villain who was actually quite scary. The film is also very well put together technically. The editing and sound is top-notch, though some of the CGI is way below par for your average blockbuster. The R-rating helps. If this were made today it would be PG-13 garbage, but the blood spatters, swearing and body count make you believe that ANY character could die next.  But there are flaws. And one BIG flaw. Some of the dialogue really sucks. And Wendy Crewson has a pretty bad role as the First Lady. The only reason her character is even in it is because the President needs to have a First Lady. Her role is totally useless. I predicted her EVERY line of dialogue before she even said it. I am not kidding. Even Oldman at one point tells her to `SHUT UP!' echoing the feeling of every viewer.  If you can overlook this minor, although highly irritating, glitch you will totally enjoy a high-octane action film with many, increasingly exciting, set-pieces. Very cool.  And try to spot three villains from Beverly Hills Cop 2 and one villain from Beverly Hills Cop 3. They're all here.", 'I bought the black and white "Versailles" case and it fits my Nexus 5x perfectly.  The cut-outs are all the right size and lined up correctly. The hole around the fingerprint sensor is also completely fine. I scanned my fingerprint after putting the case on, and use the sensor all the time to unlock my phone.  The magnets are super helpful for keeping the case closed. My last case didn\'t have magnets for this but it wasn\'t a problem, so even if these ever failed it\'d still be a good case. But again - they do work and go a great job of keeping the case closed, and of holding the cover in a folded-back position against the back of the phone when I\'ve got it open. Really appreciate this feature.  The phone doesn\'t stay upright very well if I try to use the "kickstand" feature of the cover - it slides back into place and falls closed - but it feels like if I keep folding that middle seam along the back that it\'d soften and stay open better with time. I never use that feature with any of my phones, however, and would prefer a case without it since I don\'t use it and it just flaps around in various positions I may hold it in when trying to take pictures, so I will most likely not test out the case\'s ability to become more flexible for kickstand use. I\'m sure if you try it, though, it\'ll eventually stand for you.  I haven\'t put anything in the card slot yet so I don\'t know how much that will impact the case staying closed, but since it\'s just one card slot I won\'t really plan on using it for anything more than maybe a thing slip of paper with my contact info on it to facilitate returns if I lose my phone.  The white is clean and sharp in the colors on the case, and the edges are smooth. (You know how sometimes these materials can be sharp-edged and cheap looking/feeling? This isn\'t like that at all. It all feels and looks quite nice.)', "I tried this product out after reading as much as I could stand in both actual reviews here and cherry picking ones that were specifically for RV owners which is where I wanted to use mine. For one thing I had two trailers to try it out on. One was a friend of mine who just bought property in a desolate, hilly area where the only signal he could get was standing on a picnic table at one spot only. Move away and it was gone. We quickly hoisted up the outside antenna on a 10 foot piece of PVC and pointed it in the general direction where I knew the map showed an antenna. We ran 60 feel of cable into his brand new metal barn and set up the rest without really knowing much other then we wanted 4 green lights. Within minutes he started floating 4 to 5 bars from inside his metal barn. (newly constructed) He stepped back 20 feet and still had 3 bars and made a call. He was also able to get color weather radar on this signal although I believe it was only 2G. He was shocked so he's ordering one up.  For my camper I eventually got down to it and it had a tiny bit better reception. (There was one corner of the camper where if you sat on one of the sliders where it went out you could get one bar of 2G.) I hooked the outside antenna up to the ladder on the back of the camper that also faced almost directly at a tower that was about 5 miles (I measured this later and just updated it.) off through some serious hills. Most everyone up there has Verizon and I had a T-Mobile phone. It immediately got up to 5 bars but it was 2G. I guess I'll be really impressed once they expand their network. I did have my old Verizon IPhone 4S and it did get 5 bars of 3G as it isn't an LTE phone. (Tower isn't but about a quarter mile away from the tower I was aiming at.  All in all I was shocked at how well this product worked. If you have questionable signal but you have some signal this thing will finish it off for you. You'll be very happy you bought it. From reading about this product it is apparently geared toward using your 75 ohm system that comes in most homes for Dish and cable. That will save you money when buying the lightning arrestors as Wilson wants $79 for the 50 ohm model and you can buy a 75 ohm one on Amazon for under $20.  This was tried out on a clear day and according to my friend clear days for him were the worst days for getting any kind of cell phone signal at his property.", 'As background - I previously had a Lumia 521 and it met all my needs - which are mainly texting, an occasional phone call, checking emails, and every once in awhile checking something on the internet.  The phone started to overheat to the point I feared my house might burn down one night, and when I couldn\'t get another Lumia 521 I figured I would maybe make the switch to an android to take advantage of all the apps that are made for android and iphone users which never seem to cover Windows.  I have a Samsung Galaxy Player for listening to music and found a Samsung Avant phone that was a good size to fit in my pocket, so figured I would "upgrade".  What a mistake.  That phone was so frustrating.  Because my Lumia 521 was "cheap" I had been fooled into thinking it was not as good a phone - but it turned out it was actually better.  I am not one to quickly replace a phone, but after a month of frustration I couldn\'t stand it and researched to see what would be a good Nokia phone that might be a good size to fit in my pocket with a slightly better camera than the 521.  After careful research I settled on the 820 and so far am pretty glad I did.  It is not perfect, but it meets most of my checklist and all of my high priority items.  First - I have difficulties getting phones, tablets, etc.. to respond to my touch.  Apparently my fingers just aren\'t recognized.  So with the Samsung I would have to swipe 3 or 4 times to get it to work.  With the Lumia\'s it recognizes my touch -every time.  I have seen demonstrations of people using them with gloves and they work fine.  So whatever that technology might be - it is a great feature and number one in reducing my frustrations.  Second, they have a great texting autocorrect.  Once you learn to just plow ahead with your incorrect spelling and have faith that one second later the autocorrect will fix it to the right word, you will be in heaven.  With the Samsung, the autocorrect was nightmarish.  I would have the whole word correct except perhaps the last letter.  The Samsung autocorrect would split what I had typed into 3 nonsensical separate words.  The time it would take to fix the autocorrect was not worth it and I had to turn it off.  Third, I like a microSD card option.  The 820 allows for a microSD card - so I know that I can save my pictures, etc., and easily be able to download them or transfer, etc.. The Windows account already backs them up, but it is nice to know that I can have all this extra memory AND just move the card over to a new phone, etc..  Plus, I figure if I do something stupid to my phone, as long as the SD card doesn\'t get crushed and I can get it out, then I can save all my photos.  Fourth, there is a replaceable battery.  I cannot understand a phone that wouldn\'t let you change the battery for a new one once it starts to fail.  Fifth, the navigation.  The Windows navigation just makes so much more sense.  With my Samsung, my teenage daughters would be asking me how to get back to a previous text, etc..  You know a phone is counter intuitive when a teenager needs help using it.  I would like to additionally have got a much better camera, but so far the pictures I have taken are just as crummy as the ones on the 521.  I now have a flash, which is a good thing, but the camera is still not great.  Probably my main knock against it.  Another requirement I had is a phone approximately the size of an iPhone so that I can fit it in my pocket.  This phone is a really nice size so it scores high for its nice size.  If you\'ve never used a windows phone you\'ll fine the tiles are a really nice feature - I really missed them when I had the Samsung phone.  One thing you\'ll want to keep in mind - and this could be important - is that the phone I got is an AT&T phone.  I use T-mobile so this was both good and bad.  It was good because for some reason unknown to me, but which I had stumbled upon during my research, only the AT&T branded phones are able to upgrade to Windows 8.1 which has Cortana.  The T-Mobile phones are not allowed to upgrade.  Apparently upgrades are actually at the discretion of the carrier, and T-mobile doesn\'t allow it on this phone.  So what I did was when I first got the phone, I started it up without a SIM card in it and connected to the wifi.  After being connected a little while to the wifi it told me there was an update to 8.1 available for my phone.  So I updated it while it thought it was AT&T.  I then had to get online and request the unlock code from AT&T .  It was easy enough to do and I got the code pretty much right away (it gives you a link to check the status of your request, so I checked that link immediately and my code was right there).  However, it does say it could take several days (I think it said up to 5 days) so if you are planning to use your phone right away on T-mobile and AT&T decides to take a long time to give you the unlock code you may be out of luck.  So you would think all is well and good but then I realized - and researched - that because this is an AT&T branded phone, I could not get the T-mobile function of making calls over wifi.  Apparently that function is a T-mobile specific function that only comes on T-mobile phones.  Because I really have only used that function once in the last year, I would rather have Windows 8.1 and Cortana, so I am just as happy that this is an AT&T phone.  But you\'ll have to decide for yourself if that is a problem or not.  There may be some other T-Mobile specific functionality that I am now missing but so far I have not stumbled on any.  Now I just hope that this one doesn\'t overheat like my 521 did, because I plan to keep this phone for a good long time.', 'I\'ll start off by saying that I ordered this item when it was on sale for $60. I was very excited for it to get here so I researched further into the product. I found that life proof cases on sale for such a price would usually be "counterfeit" I thought of canceling the order but I didn\'t. When it arrived, the first thing I did was call life proof to give them the serial number. It turns out, this item is NOT counterfeit. It\'s the real deal and it is a legitimate life proof distributor. I don\'t know why so many people say "it\'s counterfeit" and "it\'s not really waterproof" I take my iPhone 5 in the water all the time now and it performs great. Seriously, people who get water damage with this case on, must not know how the case works or have the charging port flipped right open. If it is sealed up correctly, no water whatsoever gets in. Someone also said something about the keyboard "delaying" because of the screen protector? Yeah, it\'s a small non-noticeable gap that affects nothing at all, so grow up dude. If it\'s slim and protects your phone, why complain about something that doesn\'t interfere with anything? Also, people say things about the speaker being muffled? Well you people must have ****** up your cases pretty bad, because the case actually projects the volume and makes it sound pretty damn good. As regards to dropping the device with the case, I\'m not sure how well the case protects because I have not yet (and hopefully never will) dropped my phone. I am very pleased with this product and you will be too. I hope this review helped :)', "PRO: -Qi-compatible wireless charging, works with any Qi device (many smartphones support this) -Status LED changes color to show that power is flowing through the Qi system. -Rubber rings on top and bottom make this charger grip many surfaces. -Lightweight and portable, great for travelers (most Qi-chargers are pretty heavy) -Audible alert that it is working! (Simple piezo. Makes a chirp or beep, call it what you will.) -Inexpensive!  CON: -Chirps when Qi charging begins. Terrible for quiet environments, like an office, or a hotel room. If you keep picking up your phone, it'll chirp each time you put it back.  So annoying. -Chirp is redundant, as status LED should be sufficient. Plus, phones will indicate Qi charging with a sound, an LED, or both. -LED is awfully bright, not great for a dark environment. -No way to dim the LED or disable the chirp. -Not the fastest of the Qi chargers I've used, but Qi is always slower than cabled charging.  Qi isn't about speed so much as simplicity.  I'd recommend this charger.  It's cheap enough that most anyone can afford to try it.  If you hate wireless charging, you haven't spent much to find out.  Just keep in mind the chirp and LED as part of the design.", 'I have used the big name brand cases as I have a gift for dropping things. I really hated taking them apart to put in a fresh battery and after a while the hard plastic would crack at the stylus opening and then run.  I have always liked this style case but  some said the magnets interfere with the phone. Other cases did not protect the corners. My hard case was cracking again and I began reading the reviews. After I read that the magnetic catch was strong but did not interfere with the phone, I looked at the pictures and saw that it does cover the corners. I decided to take a chance. The only possible criticism is that there is not a flap to cover the charger opening for those who drop their phones in the wash or toilet. That is it. Phone is held securely, the bright fuschia makes it easy to find in my large purse and battery life is much better as the flap comes out a little past the phone. No turning on with every bump. Cut-outs were perfectly fitted. .I have only dropped it on grass so far but there was no damage. I did put a lanyard through the slit at the top since it doesn\'t come with one. This case is worth 6 stars to me. .&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Galaxy-Note-3-Case-ModeBlu-Classic-Diary-Series-Purple-Wallet-Case-ID-Credit-Card-Cash-Slots-Premium-Synthetic-Leather-Stand-View-for-Samsung-Galaxy-Note-3/dp/B00QFWSY28/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Galaxy Note 3 Case, ModeBlu [Classic Diary Series] [Purple] Wallet Case ID Credit Card Cash Slots Premium Synthetic Leather [Stand View] for Samsung Galaxy Note 3</a>', '"Where did you get that?"; "What the h___ is that?"; "Neat! What does it do?" Are just some of the comments I get from those who see this little rubber iPhone stand and sound booster. I like the creativeness of this product design. It\'s a fun, smart design for my fun, smartphone. Now, is it totally practical? Sort of! When I am going to be sitting at my desk, or at home in my lounge chair, for a good period of time it is "funpractical"! When I choose to take the time to set it up, it goes this way. Base of iPhone fits into rubber mount and it will stand up. And, oh yes, it will also fall over. You must have patience with it and bend the rubber to get the correct angle each time you set it up. Also, it will stand up with a charge cable plugged in and your iPhone will fit in the stand even if you have your phone in a protective case. The rubber mount stretches! So, on my desk or side table, I have my iPhone (in its case) standing up and charging. When it rings, I answer on speakerphone and the booster directs my caller\'s voice right at me, instead of all around the room. A speaker phone conservation becomes a bit more private since the sound isn\'t going everywhere. It\'s a fun item to battle the dreariness of any work day. For less than your morning coffee, you can add a bit of strangeness to your life. Give it a try.', "Take my word for it, go ahead and spend the few dollars on this Ringke case for my cell phone.  Buy it now, keep your phone in great condition, and just thank me later.  At this point, whenever I get a new phone, I immediately but the Ringke Fusion version of the case.  I have these cases for my Nexus 5, Nexus 6, Nexus 6p, Galaxy S6, and LG G5.  All consistently great and I am happy with each of them.  Quality of this case is very high and I am confident that it will protect my phone during daily use and keep it safe if I accidentally drop it (which, obviously, I try hard to avoid...).  Measurements and cutouts are precise and the case is easily removed if I need to take out my phone for any reason. The ability to custom design inserts for the back of the case is a unique and awesome feature. Highly recommended!  I purchased this product from Amazon with NO DISCOUNT and no other incentive -- I paid for it out of my own hard earned cash!  This review is the result of my assessment after spending significant time with the product.  I am extremely pleased with this product.  It has a very attractive look and I expect that it will be durable for a long time and keep my phone safe from harm and in great condition for a long-time!  Thanks for checking out my review and hope it helps you with your buying decision.  If you're like me and want to keep your phone in excellent shape to maintain resale value, this is a must buy!", "Excellent! That's the one word that describes it. I received the device yesterday so these are first impressions.  FYI: I paid for the PowerPort myself so I have no financial interest in writing this review. This is my honest impression.  Design: Anker has been fantastic in all their products and this one is no exception. Minimalist yet simply elegant. The powerport has a soft touch finish on it except for the port area which is piano black. Anker is like Apple of the peripheral world when it comes to simplicity of design. The powerport is only about the size of a credit card. The packaging box is almost double its size.  Build quality: Outstanding. The charger does not feel flimsy in hand. Extremely good build quality. There were no blemishes or defects of any kind  Performance: So far I have charged my HTC One M8 and Galaxy Tab S side by side with it and had no issues. Device got warm but nothing out of the ordinary.  Areas for improvement: These are extremely subjective - some sort of rubber feet or pad to stop it from sliding on smooth surfaces. Make the casing out of metal like the Astro minis. Change one of the ports to support Quickcharge 2.0 or 3.0  Overall I am extremely impressed with the Power port 5. Well done Anker!", "This review is for the white case.  The color and quality are excellent.  The fit is perfect.  I liked using the phone without a case, but after dropping it and shattering the screen, I decided that I needed to put a case on it.  I'm accident prone.  I've broked my Galaxy S4 once, my old iPhone twice, and my wife's phone once.  That gets expensive!  I wanted something with great protection without being too bulky.  Most of the Otterbox products are way too bulky to me.  I just can't stand them.  Everything else you see in the store is just sort of... well... yuck.  I don't want my phone to look like a jelly bean or a rainbow or a piece of junk.  I want something rugged.  (my previous favorite for my iPhone was a case by Magpul).  This case really met my expectations.  The extra bulk is minimal for the level of protection it provides.  It's very easy to install and remove, but the fit is plenty of tight - there is no wiggle room.  The buttons on the side are crisp and responsive.  The case does not seem to interfere with the camera.  There is enough lip on the front to allow the phone to be laid face down without scratching it.  One caveat:  I did not install the included screen protector.  I only ordered this for the case itself.", 'You read that right! If you haven\'t been having problems with your Nexus 6 randomly shutting down, then you are LUCKY. Hold on to your phone forever! For the rest of us, the phone tends to shut down randomly at nearly any battery level. I turn the battery case on when I use my phone and it gets me through the day. As long as the phone is "charging" while I\'m using it, the phone does not randomly shut down.  PRO: Allows you to charge the phone at any time and keeps it from randomly shutting down.  CONs: -The "fast charge" feature of the Nexus 6 charger is not as fast. -It takes 6 or so hours to fully recharge the phone and the battery case from near-zero battery level. Personally, this is not a problem for me because I just charge the phone at night. -Pressing the power button sometimes presses the volume button and vice versa. I fixed this by gluing a small piece of plastic in the gap between the buttons. -The battery and/or USB bracket have moved out of place. I fixed this by double-sided-taping the battery to the phone and gluing a small piece of plastic to the bottom of the USB bracket.  In my opinion, the PRO far outweighs the CONs. I would buy this product again.', 'I originally bought this cable to program my POFUNG GT-1,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Baofeng-Pofung-GT-1-UHF-400-470MHz-FM-Two-way-Ham-Radio-16-Channels-1800mAh-Battery-Orange/dp/B00OR2H2M6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Baofeng Pofung GT-1 UHF 400-470MHz FM Two-way Ham Radio, 16 Channels, 1800mAh Battery (Orange)</a>&nbsp;a 16 Channel UHF handie-talkie that literally can not operate at all without this adapter to program the frequencies using your PC. I used the stock software that came with the GT-1 and had no problem getting the hardware (cable & radio) detected using Windows 7.0 Professional 64-Bit. However, I was not able to get the hardware to detect using Windows 8.1 Professional 64-Bit version. I was also unable to get the software to load AT ALL on Windows 7.0 using XP compatibility mode, so I will assume that this hardware does not work with Windows XP, either. Oddly, the software does mention supporting Windows VISTA. Go figure.  Unlike some reviewers here, I had no problem getting the connector to "fit" with the radio. Everything seemed to fit snugly. The USB end of the cable is a tad large though, so I wouldn\'t plan on plugging any other USB devices right next to it. I\'m not quite sure why the USB end of the connector is so large. It seems like a poor design.  Much like it\'s radios, this Baofeng/Pofung patch cable is rather cheap. It does exactly what it is supposed to do though and for $7 (approx current price) you really don\'t have much to lose. It isn\'t something that you will likely use on a regular basis, so wear and tear on the cable should be minimal. Baofeng has always been know for their incredibly cheap two-way radios. If you already have one, getting this cable is a no-brainer. William Van Hefner, KB6VWL', "Well here's my final update. I got this case in December, so less than 1/2 of a year. The charging buttons have fallen off sp now the cradle is useless, the case is so tight I can't get the phone out without breaking it and now the USB port is failing. I contacted customer service earlier as mentioned below when the buttons fell off and never got a response.  So I give up. I have ordered an apple case, hump and all, and have concluded their design is superior. Not only can I access my lightning port, meaning I can sync via iTunes with normal speed, but it's specifically designed to slip on and off.  Sorry Spyder, nice idea in many ways but horrible execution and customer service is non-existent.  This case is even worse than Mophie.  *****  Unfortunately I have to review my review. I purchased the charging cradle too. In late February I put it in to charge and nothing happened so I looked and the small metal conductors on the right side had fallen off.  I'm not hard on my phone. If anything I baby it. So I don't think I was mishandling anything. Anyway I wrote them several days ago to ask what I could do. I would like to exercise my warranty as I didn't do anything particularly abusive. Not one peep back so a big strike for customer service. That's so disappointing. I had to call my city today to find out some local information. The CITY had better customer service. That's so bizarre I should go slap myself. Yet it's true: they didn't know what to do but looked it up and called me back pronto.  When DMV surpasses your customer service that's beyond a warning sign.  As I said earlier the case is so tight that you can barely get the phone out. I stressed the sides to the point where the casing around the sound buttons warped. That's how hard I had to push to try to get it out and I still couldn't.  They have yet to answer. So I guess I'll go with this for awhile then go back to Mophie. I wanted to like this case but these issues just made it very difficult.", "I've had my Note 3 for about 5 months and I've noticed that the standard battery is pretty good. It usually lasts a whole day no problem. But every once in awhile it gets pretty close to dying before the day is over and I thought why not get an extended battery. Stumbled upon this Laza Zcell extended battery or the Ankler Extended battery and this was slightly cheaper and had better reviews so I went for this one. Glad I did!  Popped it out of the box and straight into my phone, put the back cover it came with on and boom powered up no problem. Let the battery drain throughtout the day and charged it at 13%. Not sure how long it took to charge but I just charged it overnight and when I woke up fully charged. The instructions also say to charge overnight for the best results so I don't think there should be any concern about overcharging it overnight. I woke up and unplugged it at 9AM and by 8PM the battery is at 72%! That's 11 hours! However I used my phone only moderately but still I'm impressed. This was the first charge cycle I have used with the battery and I'm pretty impressed. The instructions the battery came with stated that it takes about 5 charging cycles to get the full capacity for the battery. So I'm expecting it to last even longer!  The battery of course does make the phone bolkier but I actually think holding the phone feels better with the added size. The backing has a gloss type finish and if you get the white backing the finger prints don't stand out that much. As for the weight I haven't noticed that much of a difference. Weighs the same to me.  The only reason I was hesitating to get this extended battery was the very limited case options. This phone is amazing and for the amount I paid for the phone I'm going to protect it with a case. I did find one case called the Hyperion Extended Battery Honeycomb Case. It doesn't provide Otter Box protection but I'm just glad that there's something to cover it until I find something better  First impression I have on this battery is great. I as of right now it seems to be a fantastic battery. Definitely worth check this out.", 'Like I said in an earlier, slightly harsher-worded review, this mouse, if you are extremely sensitive to how a mouse rolls on a variety of different surfaces, is inferior to the Logitech M305 is general smooth-of-sliding-ness. What are the benefits of the Anker mouse? here you go: 1. It\'s a lot cheaper. M305 is ~$25+. Last I checked. 2. Fancy buttons! The M305 has got none of that. There is even a button that you have to push every time you come back to it to turn it back on, and that saves power. It sleeps automatically, I think, but has to turn back on using the button. Look at the picture-it\'s the little rectangular one right up the ridge from the click wheel, at the top of the hill. Like I said, saves power. The M305, however, sleeps automatically AND turns back on automatically. When you grab it. 3. The USB thing goes right into the back of it for travel. With the M305, you have to open it up and put the thing inside. It sticks in the back of the mouse pretty tight. 4. Bigger, if you like that. 5. Patronize Anker, for having affordable but top-of-the-line stuff most of the time, and for having invested in a strong customer service department. They were so nice to me with their emails after I wrote my first review, that I had to rewrite it, writing this one. I had to soften the tone from "this mouse sucks". I\'m not asking for a refund of my mouse, although they offered, offering a free replacement as well; instead I\'ll keep it around as a back up, I suppose. 6. Since I\'ve only technically seen one mouse, who knows? Maybe it was a dud. Like I mentioned infra, they offered me a free replacement that I turned down. But in all honesty, I think I would rather them retain the benefit of the doubt, because I have no need for two of these mouses. Maybe it is a good mouse.', 'I have an older car, but it has a great sound system.  The CD player stopped working many years ago.  I missed being able to play my music and did not want to wear headphones while driving (plus its illegal).  Where I live the radio reception is not the best.  I finally came upon this product.  It is very inexpensive, easy to use, and it sounds great.  The installation was a breeze.  I plugged the bluetooth receiver into the cigarette lighter and paired it with my phone using bluetooth.  It took under a minute to setup and I was listening to my music again.  It comes with a device that you attach to your steering wheel and allows you to operate the volume and song selection without taking your eyes off the road.  When I drive my Nephew I let him have the hand held remote and he selects songs while sitting in the back seat.  Awesome.  There are many of these type products on the Internet, but none that have all the bells and whistles like the Favolcano.  I have recommended this device to many of my friends.  Great product, excellent price.  I would definitely buy again.', "I try to protect my phone with folio-type cases. I did know, in fairness, that this was an extra-thick battery, which requires a different back on the phone to accommodate it. I hoped maybe if I left the original back off the phone, it might all squeeze into a case. No such luck! For me, this isn't a very practical solution, as I am a bit rough on my phone, and need a case to protect it. I will probably use this battery some, but mostly, I need something that I can fit into the case. That's not knocking the product, though. It does what it's supposed to do. The battery itself does function well! It recharges fine in the phone or on a separate charger, and as you would expect, it keeps the phone going about twice as long as the original battery does.  I am sufficiently impressed with its performance so that I have ordered a pair of regular-sized Yesoo batteries and the charger that comes with them. (That will fit into the case.) I have also ordered two new Samsung batteries, and intend to test them on comparable days to see just how long they last!  Follow-up: the regular 2600 batteries from Yesoo work just as well as the new Samsung batteries I purchased. I recommend these products with confidence!", "Great product with great service. I installed the glass on my i537 S4 Active and had a speck of dust and a couple of hairs get underneath some how. I've installed a handful of these and had only gotten a single speck of dust on any. Anyhow, it was there and was obvious. No other defects in the unit.  I contacted the manufacturer asking what their replacement policy was and they simply confirmed my shipping address, then submitted a replacement to be sent from Amazon. No questions asked! A day or two later, it showed up. I reinstalled it after a thorough cleaning and some dust blower action of the display. It's dead on now and looks great.  I did some testing on the old one and couldn't get it to scratch, and I really put some force into it. I will break under some stress, I'd say a good 25*-30* bend will break it for sure. The good news, it is definitely tempered and it broke into very small pieces, which were kept together. I'm not sure if it's the adhesive layer that kept it together or what, but I dig it.  I've liked all glass screen protectors I've bought and this is no exception. Good customer service goes a long way. Awesome.", 'I purchased two of these last week in the red/black, and have come back to purchase two of this color for my daughter and two more red/black ones for myself, so that I can daisy-chain them with the ones I already have.  A bit about this speaker:  1)  AWESOME SOUND QUALITY.  It can get loud at full-volume--like louder than any other portable speaker I\'ve ever used (and I\'m a techie, so I\'ve had at least a dozen different types, ranging from full-size portable party/karaoke speakers to bluetooth, to this compact type).  The beauty of this speaker is that, even at high volumes, the sound doesn\'t get distorted or tinny.  When daisy chained with one other speaker, it is loud enough to rival my inset home-theater setup at mid-volume.  2) THE CHARGE LASTS A LONG TIME.  Firstly, love the rechargeable battery.  One huge pet peeve of mine with other portables is that you always need to change out the batteries (usually at the most inconvenient times), and you never know when they\'ll actually run down so, if you are on the go, you better bring along a pack of extra batteries. PITA.  This thing takes next to no time to charge up via my laptop, and the charge lasts for hours and hours--maybe even days?  Who knows?  I\'ve been playing music nonstop today on two of them daisy-chained together, and they are still working like they are newly charged.  So, at higher volumes, you can count on at least 6-8 hours constant play minimum. I also often forget to turn off my speakers after my music has stopped, but they seem to keep the charge extremely well despite it.  3) FEATURES VOLUME CONTROLS, POWER BUTTON, AND DAISY-CHAIN INPUT JACK.  Love that I can adjust the volume on these things, rather than only have the option to adjust it on the source.  And not only can you daisy-chain as many of these as you want (which I highly recommend--you cannot believe the quality of sound that comes out of these in multiples), but the more units actually enhance the quality of the sound, rather than compete with each other and end up causing distortion.  4)  PERFECTLY PORTABLE.  Closed, this thing is about the size of a biscuit--a smallish one, at that. I have dainty hands, and it fits in my flattened palm with about 1/2" of skin left over around the perimeter of the unit.  The retractable bass enhancement feature is really easy to use (don\'t over-twist it--only takes a bit to unlock and relock)and really enhances the sound quality. The input jack is connected to the bottom of the device, but it\'s got brilliant little built-in grooves to hold it flat and tight against the unit bottom when not in use. It also comes with its own little carrying bag to keep it dust-free and ready to roll. It\'s SUPER lightweight, and the pinched centers around the base make it easy to hold  and carry (say, in case you want to wake your lazy teenager up when they\'re sleeping past two on a Saturday afternoon).  5)  EXCELLENT DESIGN.  This speaker was designed to maximize function without skimping on form.  The low-profile of the unit means you don\'t have to worry about knocking it about--it can easily stay situated, even on slopes--especially since there are tiny rubber nodules at each corner of its bottom to give it extra grab.  It might sound like having it be so tip-proof might not be such a big deal, but when you consider that you have functional power and volume buttons, you want to be able to press down on those without having the unit rock or tip over (on this model, the area that is blue actually presses inward on three sides--one is power, one is +volume, the other is -volume).  6)  GREAT QUALITY AT A GREAT PRICE. Compare this unit to similar models and the others just don\'t cut it.  I\'m kicking myself for getting my daughter two of the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iHome-iHM60GY-3-5mm-Aux-Portable-Speaker-Gray-Translucent/dp/B004OA733E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iHome iHM60GY 3.5mm Aux Portable Speaker (Gray Translucent)</a>iHome iHM60GY speakers.  Not only do they not have a power or volume buttons, but they are bulkier, tip more easily, don\'t hold a charge as long, don\'t sound nearly as good, can\'t be daisy-chained, take longer to charge, and don\'t even come with a carrying case.  For the $4 bucks, do yourself a favor and but this one instead.']
['First let me say we eat LOTS of olives. These little green gems are somewhat addictive.  They have a distinctive taste and have a pleasing texture.  Three pounds of olives may seem like a bunch of olives but we have worked our way through a significant amount of them in just a couple of weeks.  Here is how we store and use our olives (we do the same thing with black olives as well. We purchase Byzantine Country Olive Mix (5lb.) from Amazon ).  1. Drain liquid from the olives. 2. Add 1 jalapeno pepper with small holes sliced all sides of the pepper to a glass jar (quart size). 3.  Add olives  to your glass jar with the jalapeno pepper (sometimes we mix the castelvetrano and black olives in same jar). 4. Cover the olives and pepper with extra virgin olive oil. 5. put the lid on your jar and place it on your counter top or in cupboard. Keep the olives out of direct sunlight and away from any heat source.  Do NOT refrigerate! The olives will keep this way for weeks or months.  6. After you finish the olives from a jar, discard the pepper and you can use the remaining olive oil for cooking.  It has just a little kick from the pepper and gives a good flavor to food.  We learned about keeping olives this way from a clerk in a Mediterranean style market.  We have been doing this for years and have never had any olives go bad.  I keep small jelly-size jars and take olives as a little hostess gift.', 'I had been looking for a double-din stereo to replace the stereos in my wife\'s 2006 Expedition and my 2001 F250 for a while as the OEM stereos were eating CDs or the buttons wouldn\'t work right.  If you read my reviews for the wiring harnesses and install kits, you know you need to research, research, research what you need for YOUR vehicle install.  Reviews are good, but the different automotive forums are the best source of material.  The install was done a month ago and was fairly straight forward for the F250 where the biggest challenge was getting the stereo to fit in the "1 1/2 din" slot (took A LOT of filing).  It\'s in there so tight I sure hope I don\'t have to ever remove the dash face again...  Not sure it would come off w/out removing the steering wheel now.  For the Expedition, figuring out the wiring harnesses was the biggest challenge.  Install into the dash went well but was painstakingly slow as I wanted everything to fit very well and look good.  The biggest "ghetto look" is the Bluetooth (BT) dongle which just kinda hangs out under the stereo mount where I filed a hole to run it through...  (My wife didn\'t want me cutting holes in her dash or center console.)  The stereos have been absolutely fantastic.  They look good, sound good, and work very well.  My biggest complaint about the stereos themselves is that the menu functions are a bit tedious to go through, but definitely NOT a deal breaker or worth a "star deduction".  My wife\'s first comment after "Pretty!" was "wow, I didn\'t know my speakers sounded so good!"  In both the truck and Expy, the quality of sound improvement was VERY noticeable, and the color options for the lighting make it very easy to match the truck\'s OEM lighting (if you so desire).  In the end, I do not think anyone but a true audiophile would be displeased with these head units!  You can\'t go wrong for the price.  There was one troublesome issue that I JUST figured out today (9/27).  I could NOT get the stereo BT to pair w/ either mine or my wife\'s previous Smartphone.  I kept getting an error message about the passkey being incorrect, even though I METICULOUSLY ensured the randomly generated passkey on the phone matched the head unit.  I finally decided it must be the older phones so I waited until we got new phones this week.  Wouldn\'t you know, pairing FAILED.  Again.  Same passkeys not matching error message, even though they matched...  Back to the internet...  Finally read on a forum where someone used the volume button on the head unit (as per the verbatim JVC instructions) to start the pairing instead of their phone\'s interface.  AH HAH!!  But...  Failed.  Again...  I restarted the phone, turned off / on the stereo, but to no avail.  I was about to do a factory reset on the stereo when I tried one last time using the JVC volume button.  While it was "pairing", I decided on a whim to also hit the Smartphone display to initiate pairing.  IT WORKED!!!  PAIRED IMMEDIATELY!!  FINALLY!!!  So, word to all future users, when you go to pair your phone, use both the head unit volume button and the Smartphone user interface pairing function.  First thing I did was call my wife using the BT function and it worked beautifully.  The truck was not running so there was no diesel engine noise, but she said it was crystal clear on her end.  I\'ll try again later with the engine running.  (Side note, I put the BT mic up at the top of the A-pillar.)  In conclusion, my wife and I really like the stereos.  They were money well spent for much-needed stereos for our vehicles.', 'UPDATE!!! (Oct 08, 2013)  In my previous review I had mentioned that i would update on how the case was holding up. It has been almost two months now since I have given my sister the case and she has had it on her Galaxy S4 the entire time. She doesn\'t really go out much other than your occasional errands and to and from work. She usually carries it in hand with her wallet, or in her sweat shirt pocket. There has been some smudging on the outer pink cover from being in her pockets or rubbing on other materials. A friend of mine also has the same case and she is a bit more rough with her case and it\'s constantly being tossed around in her bag/purse. The pink has faded tremendously and she said she has tried everything to restore it like new. I heard a few methods of cleaning and restoring the cover:  1. Alcohol swabs 2. Baby wipes (which my sister has tried and does not work.) 3. Warm, soapy water with a rag or cloth.  So in a nutshell...if you are a busy woman and are constantly having it in your purse when it gets banged around or constantly in your pockets, you might not want to get such a light color like this highlighter pink. :) Maybe an Admiral Blue! Like myself...My job is very demanding so I always have my phone in my back pocket of my jeans. So I ordered an Otterbox Commuter Series in the "Marine" color combo. :D  ORIGINAL REVIEW (Aug 21, 2013)  I recently ordered the Wild Orchid Otterbox Defender and i absolutely love it!  First...the pink is more of a highlighter pink. Very vibrant, and the gray is a bit darker than in the picture...but not by much. I originally bought this case for my sister for her birthday and I\'m seriously considering on buying one for myself. The one thing that i worry about this case is that when put into a pocket for a long period of time, the dye of the jeans might bleed onto the case at some point and leave marks...but this is just a theory. It happened once before when i had an Otterbox for my old iPhone 4, but maybe that won\'t happen this time.  Second...the 2-3 layers protect the phone all around! The volume and Lock Rockers are easy to press, you don\'t have to put force when pressing the buttons. I read in one review that someone had an issue with the case not properly locking into the holster, causing their phone to slide or fall out because of it. I don\'t see that ever happening with this at all...it locks in firmly, even when you wiggle the case while in the holster. I think that person might not have "clicked" into place. And of course, the holster/stand works as it should. The clip rotates all around and is easy to clip onto your jeans/belts.  But all in all...the case has owned up to its reputation and is protecting her phone! i will be ordering my own very soon!  i will update this review if anythings changed.', "This is a well-made sturdy case, with a soft silicone black lining covering the entire back & sides of the phone, plus a hardcase over it. The two separates, so if you have trouble putting the case on all at the same time, you might just want to put the lining on first, and then snap on the hardcase over that. I did it this way, and I had no hassle at all. The hardcase opens at the back, and you can slide in two cards snugly (you might be able to force in three, I haven't tried. There are two protruding pieces of plastic on each side of the inner compartment, under which you can slide the cards in so they stay securely fastened down. The door for this card compartment snaps shut with two little plastic tabs on each side. If these tabs break, the door will not stay closed - hopefully they won't break off any time in the near future. (If they do, I will post an update) The door is held by two tiny metal rods at each side. As someone else pointed out, it is true that these rods may slide out with use and get lost. But at this time they seem pretty well pushed in, and don't budge even when I try to push them in deeper, so I think there isn't much of a danger of them becoming loose and coming out. The only thing I'd recommend doing before you use the case is to cut out the useless silicone flaps over the earphone jack and the micro-USB charging port. I suppose they are there to prevent dust from going in, but they really are pretty useless -- and not only that, if you don't cut them off, they may cause the silicone case to rip if you keep lifting and pushing them out of the way to charge or to plug earphones. They cut very easily with scissors. After three days of use, I am very satisfied with the case. :)", 'After having my windshield mount melt due to heat, and my FM transmitter give out on me, I figured I would go all-in and give this product a shot. Full disclaimer: My phone, a Galaxy Note 5 was not listed as a supported model. The 3-star review is what I feel about the product overall, and as such, if I had a more-compatible phone.  Size (Only an issue with larger, non-iPhone handsets): For starters, while the unit does stretch out quite far, and can successfully hold a "phablet", without having the holster upside down, it is impossible to have both the charger and headphone jack plugged in. This is clearly designed for an iPhone, not an Android. Also, as such, the headphone cable has to be turned at an angle that I feel is dangerous for both the jack on the phone and the cable itself.  Build Quality: I was impressed overall with the build quality at first. The unit has a good amount of flexibility in the goose-neck, as it should, and everything else appeared to be quite sturdy. After about 1 week and a half of using it, I did notice it was starting to slide out of my lighter port. After less than a month, pretty much every time I go over a decent bump, I have to adjust it, which is quite inconvenient and also causing the FM transmitter to lose power. This has not been an issue with other mounts that have used this method in my vehicle.  FM Transmitter and Quick Charging: No complaints on charging. My Note 5 charges quite fast and consistently. The FM Transmitter is hit or miss, as are most. If you find a completely blank frequency, it will work just fine, however, if you live an an area where that is hard to come by, as I do, expect a ton of static.  Overall, for the price, I would recommend this unit only to people who have smaller, lighter, proven-compatible phones; and only if you\'re like me and hate having a charger, FM transmitter, and mount, all in separate pieces. But that is the best route I feel, when it comes to overall functionality.', "AWESOME, awesome phones.  CANNOT beat the price and specs for such a nice all-around Android phone. Seriously.  It has LTE. It has a front camera, AND it is capable of expandle storage, IE, memory cards.  ALL on a stock android layout with no overbearing bloatware.  Plus, lots of good accessories available on the market. THIS is first-gen moto-G. 2nd-gen no LTE out there yet.  And they don't work on all of Tmobiles bands as of yet, which is a confusing whole seperate issue.  But these phones are just so solid for the price.  Got one apiece for my daughter and son, who wanted and IPOD. well for less than an ipod, he gets basically the same thing, plus cellular service, which as a single dad, I need for my kids to have. Dont sleep on Motorola people. Get em while they are still out there.  Im sure second gen G will eventually get LTE, but price tag is a bit bigger, slightly better camera specs and screen size but not worth the extra $50ish bucks more in my book.  Just get one.", "Based on a comparison of features, performance and even cost, this is still very good choice.  I do have a Vita.  If I had iDevices, then something like the Jackary bar, might be a better fit (more amps, a little more mAh, a little more pocket-able, cable included, although cheaper price & no cable, would be better deal).  Pros:  Can charge and play.  5000 Mah  1.5 Amps out (charge during use)  faster charging than OEM wall adapater and cable (Motorola Droid Razr Maxx) with smart phone on.  stays cool while it charges and while it charges other items.  You can charge it from non Sony adapter to USB (like the one you have with cell phone), so at minimum, you'll just need the proprietary cable.  (suspect the manual and warranty don't agree).  Probably charges slower than on the sony stuff.  Recessed power button and no stupid battery draining flashlight.  (I have another charge thing and it often ends up drained due to stupid flashlight button.  I'm going to super glue a cover so it can't be pushed.).  simple LED charge status:  charging, fully charged and on.  Cons:  Can charge one, not two devices at a time, like other similar devices.   o 1.5 instead of 2 charges for my Vita, Smart phone, etc.    price I pay for smaller size,& cheaper device?   o probably more efficient this way, so not a problem for me.  Doesn't come with Sony cable ($14.99 retail) and adapter ($10, though $14.99 retail, as well).   o I want to charge the brick & my vita at the same time.   o this is a flaw of non vita competing products, as well.  Proprietary cable required to connect to ac adapter  at original 49.99 retail, I wouldn't even look twice   o  $20 fair, $25 typical Sony premiums, but for once worth it over the competition.", "Some headphone plugs don't fit but that is pretty standard for most cases of this type. It isn't too slick or rubbery, has good feel and is easy to grip. Read a lot of reviews on different cases before picking this one and I am glad that I did.  I get compliments on it frequently and the small storage is a perfect fit for my needs. All I usually need is my ID and embossed debit card so it works out great for me.  The storage door is sturdy and easy to snap open and closed but not too easy, it has never opened accidentally. It also shows no signs of wear or getting loose around the hinges though I have used it constantly for months.  It's hard to tell its a storage type case which is good not only for being able to still fit in my pocket but also doesn't invite thieves. My mom had her phone brazenly stolen and probably a big motivator was her easy to identify otter box storage case that held the promise of cash and cards.  One year update: still going strong. Hinges and door still sturdy, never had it open on accident and I use it several times a day. Case still looks good, some wear and scratches but perfect working condition. This case may outlast the phone, which is the way it should be.  Two years later and I have used more of these cases on my new 6s plus and my kids 5s and 5c with no complaints. The case for 5s supposedly doesn't fit 5c but I swear it seems like it's actually more tight than in the 5s.", 'I am very impressed. My expectations of such devices is tempered and reasonable. Most of all it must work well - no crashes, good recpetion and ease of use. The OS seems to be rock solid - it handles errors and conflicts very well. In my large metro area on the east coast - the reception and coverage is excellent. Better than Cing. but nothing beats VZW from my experience. The device is reasonably fast even when it is not on the "EDGE". I was surprised that Rim had little and almost no customer support. Motorola will still talk to a customer and help. I found the BBFORUM to be very helpful. I never found the internet on cell phones to be of any use. On the 8700g the browser works very well with the usual exceptions. T Mobile rate plans make the BB reasonable to use when compared with very expensive plans of the other carriers. Overall very pleased. Amazon made the purchase fast and easy - had it in 2 days.    Two weeks ago there was a problem with my 150.00 rebate. One email to Amazon and all was fixed. The rebate came 08/11/2006. I have an Az customer from the beginning - always the highest praise. This first class company. It is the best run of all the major online firms. There are great smaller firms but for the big guys Amazon is the best.', 'My primary reason for purchasing this case was undoubtedly for the kickstand.  Overall it offers minimal protection and gives me a slightly more "good" feeling about it\'s survivability when it comes to my children.  That being said, the case has a few pros and cons.  The cons being more nitpicking on my part and don\'t really amount to more than one star dropped from the rating, if that.  Pros: - Kickstand (see cons). - Nearly perfectly cut for the ORIGINAL Galaxy Note 10.1. - Prevents scratches on the rear of the device and has a slight lip over the top that will keep the screen from contacting the ground should you drop it. - Does not interfere with daily use of the tablet in any way. - Surprisingly tough material.  Cons: - Kickstand: It feels a little flimsy but has held up well to a lot of abuse. It is only really appropriate for tabletop use and unfortunately slides quite easily across a table when using the tablet in a propped up position.  Not good for use in bed or on your lap in a chair. - The charging port hole is NOT precisely cut for the stock charger.  It doesn\'t appear to interfere with the charging at all but it prevents it from seating completely in the port.  This may be just mine, but I\'d suspect all are like this. - It\'s not all around protection.  I have no doubt that if I dropped my tablet in this from any normal height, the consequences would be catastrophic, but perhaps not. - It\'s form fitting, so much so that I\'m afraid to take it off.  There\'s little give in it, and to take it off requires more force than I\'m comfortable using on what amounts to a very expensive and thin layer of glass over a very expensive and thin layer of electronics. - I really have no idea what the 3 layers of protection refers to but to me it would appear that the 3 layers is simply 2 different materials that I can see that make up it\'s construction.', "5-star songs are *typically* the only songs that make it into my library. With that said, I could explain all the reasons I love this, or. I could tell you that Amazon reviews are a wonderful tool, but make little sense when it comes to music. Music is a personal thing. It would be much more beneficial to just listen to the sample that Amazon provides and judge it for yourself. Granted it is only a 30 second sample, but that is generally enough time to explore new bands and get a feel of their music, or make sure that a song you are about to purchase is the right version. If you want to listen to a sample, simply hover over the track you are interested in, and press the play button.  I was fortunate enough to catch this song when it was free on Amazon. Thats right! Amazon has a FREEBIE section with both songs AND albums. A great way to construct an entire music library, and admittedly, the way I obtained most of my own music. But quite honestly, a wonderful way to explore new music, too. In fact, some of the songs that Ive obtained through Amazon as freebies would eventually lead to me falling in love with a new band, and ultimately buying some of their other songs that happened to have a price tag. Anyway...enough of my rambling.  This song is great! At the very least, give it a 30-second listen?  And don't forget, if you are in the market for freebies, you can always check here  FREE MUSIC: From Amazon Home page --> Shop by Department --> (Digital and Prime Music) Deals --> Songs by Price (on left side of screen)---> Free", 'If anyone is thinking about purchasing this set--BEWARE--the "GLUE PROBLEM"  which others have written about--IS STILL VERY REAL.  I purchased this set in Dec. 2014 from Amazon and out of 6 discs 4 had significant adhesive (from the packaging)  on the edges of the discs.  Needless to say very disappointing.  There\'s no excuse for this problem to continue.  The band/manufacturer  should\'ve addressed this problem when it first appeared.  But as of Dec. 2014 no one seems to care if Gov\'t. Mule fans are buying a defective product.  And it\'s a real shame.  The music is pure Gov\'t. Mule--great instrumental work, good vocals, good song selection--and with pretty good sound--pure and alive.  It\'s almost as if you\'re sitting there for these three gigs with sound so visceral, exciting, and immediate.  If you want this set, the music\'s great, but it\'s a crap-shoot as to the "glue problem".  I worked very carefully and at length to get the adhesive off the discs and thankfully all 6 discs play fine.  But they\'re not pristine looking, which is how  I like to keep my music library--after all--it\'s my money I\'m spending.  I expect to receive a quality product which, sadly, this  is not.  Good  luck.', 'You know, I have been listening to a lot of 1965-67 Coltrane lately, and as essential as this is to my system, I need a break.  And maybe that was part of the idea Charles Lloyd had when he put out Forest Flower in 1967. Coltrane, Shepp, Taylor, The Black Panthers, protest vs. revolution. All this had taken over jazz that year. So Charles Lloyd comes along, and Forest Flower says--"This is all supposed to be fun. Chill for a second. We\'ll make the demonstration tomorrow. Let\'s play some tunes. RELAX!"  Not that these "tunes" leave subtance lacking. Lloyds sense of harmony and melody is increadible. Listening to is chord structres, I feel as if a Beatles or Brian Wilson has been channeled into a jazz man. His chords are so tuneful, this music is just a joy to listen to. Fresh and clean now as it was the day it was born.  I don\'t have to tell you about the skill of Keith Jarret or Jack Dejonette--there is a reason Miles inducted them--and proof is right here.  There was a lot of great jazz like this during this era, and unfortunately, it gets hidden in the shadow of giants like Coltrane, Miles, and Archie Shepp. Listen to them always, but dig on this sometimes, too.', 'This complete Ring cycle recorded in Czechoslovakia in 1968 by Austrian conductor Hans Swarowsky really has a lot going for it. I am giving it five stars for a few specific reasons -- especially the sound quality, a few individual performances, and my belief that you will have a hard time finding a Ring that sounds this good for the amazing price of $7.99.  First the positives, beyond the price. It sounds absolutely fantastic for an MP3. These are no LP transfers with record needle pops and crackles, it must be direct from the source tape or a quality remastering. It is an early, rich stereo recording, and according to what I have read, it was one of the first opera recordings where each singer got his or her own microphone. The text of the opera is therefore remarkably clear. This makes this recording a fantastic "study" version of the Ring, if you are interested in listening to the text and following along in the libretto. There are also some really great individual performances, especially Nadezda Kniplova as Brunnhilde and Rolf Polke as Wotan.  On the negative side, some vocal performances fall short of the best recordings of the Ring, and the orchestra is good but not always great (I heard what I felt was a clunker every now and again). Overall, this is a very good recording -- but if, say, the Solti Ring is 5 stars, then this one probably merits 3.5 or 4 as a performance. But don\'t get me wrong. The Solti Ring is hardly a fair comparison for most other recordings anyway.  On the technical side, bitrates are variable with averages in the 216-269 kbps range. Most tracks are in the 220s and 230s. Total download size is a whopping 1.52 GB for 14 hours and 48 minutes of music.  There are apparent mistakes on the MP3 files\' metadata. It says the recordings are by the "Grosses Symphonieorchster". But as far as I know, Swarowsky recorded the Ring only once, and it was with the Czech Philharmonic and the Orchestra of the Prague National Theater. I am, of course, open to correction if anyone knows differently!  These performances hold their own admirably as a valid interpretation of the Ring, and you\'ll hardly find better-sounding MP3s. The price is also a valid consideration -- remarkable and welcome. Certainly worthwhile and recommended!', 'Last year, Nine Inch Nails bounced back from the artistic decay that was "With Teeth" with "Year Zero", a record that I believe to be Nine Inch Nails\' artistic high point, a dense but never fractured album that featured some of his highest production and some of his sharpest songwritting. Now, only a year later, Nine Inch Nails and their leader Trent Reznor, who for all intents and purposes is Nine Inch Nails, have returned with the nearly two hour "Ghosts I-IV", a set of atmospheric instrumentals. Now, if you would have told me even two years ago that the words "prolific" and "Trent Reznor" would ever, EVER be mentioned in the same sentence I would have laughed at you. But apparently after getting sober and getting the awfulness of "With Teeth" out of his system the man is just that. A total of thirty six tracks, "Ghosts" is as sprawling in ambition as "The Fragile", even without the accompaniment of vocals. In fact, this new, quicker working version of Trent Reznor works much better for the music than the one who would spend a good half a decade pain stakingly going over every note. Like "Year Zero" last year, there is an immediacy to "Ghosts" that previous NIN records lacked. Though the record is dense and layered, it is never overblown with needless tinkering and a million small little pops and bells and whistles that can be found on earlier NIN products. It\'s also nice to see Reznor in a true collaborative spirit, as "Ghosts" is co-written by Atticus Ross and Alessandro Cortino, NIN\'s current keyboard player. The difference in perspective helps give this record a feel different of any previous Nails album. And let\'s all be honest with each other: the weakest point to any Nine Inch Nails record has always been the lyrical skills of Reznor. Usually clumsy, occasionally inane, Reznor lets the music do the talking for him this time, which is a nice plus. So why only three stars for this record? Well, because at times "Ghosts" feels like a collection of ideas rather than songs. Though there is nothing awful on this record, there is also very little that is extraordinary, and it is too long for it\'s own good. The mood swings of the record are all complimented well, but too many song build and build and build and just stop, rather than fully taking off and entering someplace different and more interesting. In fact, the best place to listen to "Ghosts" is probably in your car, late at night, driving home, where it can sink into your head but you\'re never really paying close attention to it. But "Ghosts" is worth the purchase for sure. It\'s price, and the quality of good, if rarely great, music, and the fact that after almost twenty years Trent Reznor actually sounds like he\'s enjoying the process of making music. Hopefully this is a series that he will continue to work on for many years to come.', 'Adding composer information that isn\'t included in the track listing.  1 Franz Schubert  -  Ellen\'s Chants, D. 839, Op. 56: III. Ave Maria 2 Camille Saint-Saens  -  Carnival of the Animals: VII. Aquarium 3 Claude Debussy  -  Suite bergamasque, L. 75: III. Clair de Lune - "Moonlight" 4 Jules Massenet  -  Thais, Act II: Meditation 5 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Piano Concerto No. 21 in C Major, K. 467: II. Andante 6 Johann Sebastian Bach  -  Orchestral Suite No. 3 in D Major, BWV 1068: II. Air 7 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Serenade No. 13 in G Major, K. 525, "Eine kleine Nachtmusik": II. Romance - Andante 8 Johannes Brahms  -  Cradle Song: Lullaby 9 Samuel Barber  -  Adagio for Strings, Op. 11 10 Ludwig van Beethoven  -  Bagatelle No. 25 in A Minor, WoO 59 "Fr Elise" 11 Frederic Chopin  -  Etude in E Major, Op. 10: No. 3, "Tristesse" 12 Jacques Offenbach  -  The Tales of Hoffmann, Act II: Barcarole 13 Robert Schumann  -  Scenes of Childhood, Op. 15: VII. Trumerei 14 Tomaso Giordani  -  Caro mio ben 15 Camille Saint-Saens  -  Carnival of the Animals: XIII. The Swan 16 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Clarinet Concerto in A Major, K. 622: II. Adagio 17 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Concerto for Piano, Strings and Continuo No. 1 in D Minor, BWV 1052: II. Adagio 18 Johann Pachelbel  -  Canon in D Major 19 Ludwig van Beethoven  -  Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-Sharp Minor, Op. 27: No. 2, "Moonlight Sonata": I. Adagio Sostenuto 20 Giacomo Puccini  -  Madama Butterfly, Act II: Butterfly\'s Aria - "Un bel di vedremo" (Instrumental Version) 21 Felix Mendelssohn  -  A Midsummer Night\'s Dream, Op. 61: II. Notturno 22 Francisco Tarrega  -  Etude in E Minor, Op. 25: No. 5 23 Ludwig van Beethoven  -  Piano Sonata No. 8 in C Minor, Op. 13, "Pathtique": II. Adagio cantabile 24 Matteo Carcassi  -  Etude in A Major, Op. 60: No. 3 25 Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakoff  -  Capriccio Espagnol, Op. 34: II. Variations 26 Peter Tchaikovsky  -  Swan Lake, Op. 20, Act II: XIII. Dance of the Swans 27 Franz Schubert  -  Schwanengesang, D. 957: IV. Stndchen 28 Franz Schubert  -  Gianni Schicchi: O mio babbino caro 29 Antonin Dvorak  -  Two Waltzes in A Major, Op. 54: No. 1, Moderato 30 Johann Sebastian Bach & Charles Gounod  -  Ave Maria', 'Before purchasing this new Bach Guild release, I made a quick check of my own collection just to be sure that I didn\'t already have it. After all, they\'ve given us so many great collections by now that it\'s hard to keep track of them all. I don\'t know how many they\'ve released altogether, and I sure don\'t have all of them myself, but I did find (somewhat to my surprise) that I\'ve managed to accumulate 26 of them (now 27 with this addition), totaling almost 210 hours of music! That is remarkable, not only for the quantity of music but most notably for the bargains these sets have provided.  And here we have the latest, this time bringing together 16 violin concertos from 14 different composers (Mozart given extra representation with three of his violin concertos). And as we\'ve come to expect, very capable performances throughout. The two concerto performances by David Oistrakh and with Kiril Kondrashin conducting the State Orchestra of U.S.S.R are historic recordings dating from the late 1940\'s but presented here in very acceptable sound quality. Joseph Silverstein\'s recordings of the violin concertos of Mendelssohn, Mozart, Beethoven and Tchaikovsky are notable, as are the performances by Misha Elman with Vladimir Golschmann conducting, giving us concertos by Lalo, Saint-Sans, Bach, Nardini and Vivaldi. Contrast those historic performances with the Bruch concerto and Scottish Fantasy performed by the Japanese violinist Yuzuko Horigome  There is some overlap with the Bach Guilds earlier \'Big Violin Box\' and \'Big Baroque Box Vol III\' (see notes below) so for those who have already acquired that set this is a point to be aware of. Still, for 99 cents a bit of duplication is not objectionable.  Also note that track information provided by Bach Guild either here on Amazon or on their own website may not always be correct - see corrections below.  Felix Mendelssohn: Violin Concerto in E Minor, Op. 64 -- Joseph Silverstein, violin; Joseph Silverstein conducting the Utah Symphony Orchestra (originally released on Pro Arte LP 187, 1984&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mendelssohn-Violin-Concerto/dp/B00327LOOY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mendelssohn Violin Concerto</a>)  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Violin Concerto No. 5 in A Major, K219 (Turkish) -- Joseph Silverstein, violin; Joseph Silverstein conducting the Rochester Philharmonic (originally released on Pro Arte CD, 1994)  Max Bruch: Violin Concerto No. 1 in G Minor, Op. 26 -- Yuzuko Horigome, violin; Yuri Simonov conducting the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra (originally recorded 1996 at Walthamstow Town Hall, released 1999&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bruch-Violin-Concerto-No-1-in-G-Minor-Op-26-Scottish-Fantasy-for-Violin-with-Orchestra-and-Harp-Op-46/dp/B00000ICP1/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bruch: Violin Concerto No. 1 in G Minor, Op. 26 / Scottish Fantasy for Violin with Orchestra and Harp, Op. 46</a>)  Ludwig van Beethoven: Violin Concerto in D Major, Op. 61 -- Joseph Silverstein, violin; Joseph Silverstein conducting the Utah Symphony Orchestra (recorded October 3, 1984 at Symphony Hall, Salt Lake City, and originally released on Pro Arte CD 228,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beethoven-Violin-Concerto-Consecration-of-the-House-Overture/dp/B00DM6BJ5E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beethoven: Violin Concerto / Consecration of the House Overture</a>)  Johannes Brahms: Violin Concerto in D Major, Op. 77 -- Joseph Silverstein, violin; Charles Ketchum conducting the Utah Symphony Orchestra (originally released on Pro Arte CD 271 in 1986,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Brahms-Violin-Concerto-in-D-Op-77-Academic-Festival-Overture-Op-80/dp/B0053LBR4O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Brahms: Violin Concerto in D, Op. 77 / Academic Festival Overture, Op. 80</a>) (NOTE that this concerto is incorrectly labeled by Bach Guild, stating that Silverstein was conducting).  Edouard Lalo: Symphonie Espagnole for Violin & Orchestra, Op. 21 -- Mischa Elman, violin; Vladimir Golschmann conducting the Vienna State Opera Orchestra (recorded May 27, 1959 at the Musikverein, Grossersaal, Vienna and originally released on Vanguard LP, this was previously included in the Bach Guild Big Violin Box)  Pyotr Il\'yich Tchaikovsky: Violin Concerto in D, Op. 35 -- Joseph Silverstein, violin; Joseph Silverstein conducting the Utah Symphony Orchestra (originally released on Pro Arte in 1987,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tchaikovsky-Violin-Concerto-Serenade-for-Strings/dp/B00000E5SN/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tchaikovsky: Violin Concerto / Serenade for Strings</a>)  Max Bruch: Scottish Fantasy, for violin and orchestra, Op. 46 -- Yuzuko Horigome, violin; Yuri Simonov, conducting the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra (originally recorded 1996 at Walthamstow Town Hall, released 1999, see link for Bruch violin concerto above)  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Violin Concertos No. 2 in D Major, K.211, No. 3 in G Major, K.216 -- Josef Suk (son-in-law of Antonn Dvok), violin and conducting the Josef Suk Chamber Orchestra (this was previously included in the Bach Guild Big Violin Box), unable to determine recording date and venue.  Camille Saint-Sans: Introduction et Rondo capriccioso, Op. 28 -- Mischa Elman, violin; Vladimir Golschmann, conducting the Vienna State Opera Orchestra (recorded May 27 - June 2, 1959 at the Musikverein, Grossersaal, Vienna and originally released on Vanguard LP 8035&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Khachaturian-Violin-Concerto-Saint-Saens-Introduction-and-Rondo-Capriccioso-Elman/dp/B00P4E95D0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Khachaturian: Violin Concerto/ Saint-Saens: Introduction and Rondo Capriccioso (Elman)</a>)  Alexander Glazunov: Violin Concerto in A Minor, Op. 82 -- David Oistrakh, violin; Kiril Kondrashin, conducting the State Orchestra of U.S.S.R (recorded 1/1/1947)  Johann Sebastian Bach: Violin Concerto in E Major, BWV1042 -- Mischa Elman, violin; Vladimir Golschmann, conducting the Vienna State Opera Orchestra (recorded in 1960 in Vienna and originally released on Vanguard LP 2073 (1059?) in 1962, this was previously included in the Bach Guild Big Baroque Box Vol III)  Pietro Nardini: Concerto for Violin in E Minor -- Mischa Elman, violin; Vladimir Golschmann, conducting the Vienna State Opera Orchestra (recorded in 1960 in Vienna and originally released on Vanguard LP 2073 (1059?) in 1962, this was previously included in the Bach Guild Big Baroque Box Vol III and incorrectly identified as the Locatelli Violin Concerto)  Antonn Dvo\'k: Violin Concerto in A Minor, Op. 53 -- David Oistrakh, violin; Kiril Kondrashin, conducting the State Orchestra of U.S.S.R (this was previously included in the Bach Guild Big Violin Box, recorded 9/7/1949 in Moscow, released 1951-52)  Antonio Vivaldi: Violin Concerto in G Minor, RV317 -- Mischa Elman, violin; Vladimir Golschmann, conducting the Vienna State Opera Orchestra (recorded in 1960 in Vienna and originally released on Vanguard LP 2073 (1059?) in 1962, this was previously included in the Bach Guild Big Baroque Box Vol III)']
["OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.  I hated shaving! My skin always got irritated and burned after! Then I tried this stuff after watching hours of videos, I broke down and gave it a whack. Now mind you I'm in a wheel chair so it is harder for me to shave and I get worn out in my chair quickly!!!! After using this I look forward to shaving I can't wait for the stubble at 5pm or 5am to show up cause I'm going to shave... I will spend the extra 10 min to get outta  bed to go through the procedure to shave ! My skin comes out so smooth and irritation free!!!!!! And the girlfriend really noticed a difference! Spend the money, spend the time to learn , spend the time to treat your self to something fun and comforting !!!", "The Bach Guilds Big Jewish Music Box? Yes, indeed, this is it. We know, were now applying the Bach Guild brand to a series of recordings that never were released under The Bach Guild imprint, which is a first for us. However, this music spotlights another role that independent labels played in the latter part of the 20th century. Seymour Solomon (as we have mentioned endlessly) began The Bach Guild as an attempt to record all of Bachs cantatas, stating that at the time he started there were 1 and  Bach cantatas listed in the Schwann Guide to Recordings. Outside the Bach Guild imprint, Seymour and his brother Maynard explored other areas of untapped repertoire. Vanguard was created as a sister label to run alongside The Bach Guild to expand beyond Bach  first into classical, then quickly into jazz and folk music. And there we begin the Jewish music journey. The Solomon brothers created many very fine recordings celebrating Hebrew, Yiddish and Jewish culture. They looked backwards to the music of the lands where the immigrants came, and also into their current times, recording songs and works of Jewish composers like Bloch and Copland. Sadly, due to copyright restrictions, many of those fine recordings are excluded on this new box, but we have a well-stocked collection, one that is almost completely new for digital release. The music we have presented here is mainly taken from celebratory collection  and filled with goodies. Among the crown jewels of this collection are two Jewish folk song albums featuring Martha Schlamme. We released her practically unknown Christmas album two years ago, now we finally get into the 2nd Avenue spirit, and present the two albums she made for Vanguard in the early 1960s. Also available for the first time are the Yiddish and Hebrew folksong recordings of Netania Davrath. Robert deCormier and his orchestra play a large role, as he did a large number of arrangements for these folk song albums, and they are arrangements strongly in the 1950s movie soundtrack tradition  perhaps a bit heavier than todays tastes, but brimming with imagination and power. Same to be said for his orchestral recordings  and those of the Karmon Israeli Dancers and Orchestra. Theres not much intimate, reflective music here in this collection, and certainly not on these orchestral recordings. Jan Peerce made several recordings for Vanguard, and here he performs a seder  so please be warned, there is spoken word included in this collection. In the post-Vanguard Omega catalog we discovered some superb klezmer, and weve included that as well. But now a moment to consider what we weren't able to put inthis is one of the few Big Boxes where there was a tremdendous amount of material that we couldn't include, due to mechanical copyright restrictions (we don't sell any copyrighted music  or else we couldn't sell these boxes for .99). Obvious omissions include (or exclude, really) Mischa Elmans fine Hebrew Melodies album, Herschel Bernardis live cabaret act, and the excellent Jewish Music in America recital with bass Leon Lishner. So, please enjoy our playlist with the strangest title but certainly one of the finer boxes weve released since", 'Dream Theater goes  well, theatrical. So having read the hype up to this release I have to say that this is not exactly what I was expecting. With cultures current obsession with dystopian futuristic machine vs. man science fiction movies/books/themes going on it is no surprise to find one of the most prolific and adventurous progressive bands of our era delving into similar subject material. But, while themes of oppression, governmental control, revolution and war were expected, I never expected this to be a modern day version of Romeo & Juliet  sort of. In reality, it is all of those things and much more. This 2 hour concept double CD (4LP) production plays out like a play  truly an epic story of love, betrayal and redemption this was clearly written with the intent to take on the road as a big rock opera/theatrical production. Lyrically conceived and written by Petrucci, the story takes place some 200 years in the future where the reigning powers have allowed the NOMACS to suppress musical expression in favor of electronic noise (sound familiar?) In a manner similar to Rushs 2112, The Chosen One rises from the oppressed with the offer of the gift of music to humanity  the music to serve as the vehicle to spur revolution and the restoration of humanity. Yeah, its much more complicated than that but no spoilers here. The fun of an album like this is to be able to explore the characters, scenes and backdrop for oneself - far be it from me to spoil anybodys virgin listening experience.  Musically, this is truly different from where the band has gone before. Sure, theyve done the epic story telling tracks before (The Count of Tuscany just one example), but those songs really could stand alone. The Astonishing is an entire theatrical performance (akin to Pink Floyds The Wall) and plays out exactly in that fashion, each song dependent on the preceding track for support and context both lyrically and musically. Sound effects are used to create a cinematic vibe and there are some choral and symphonic elements but they never seem to overwhelm what the band is trying to accomplish. Its cool how the narration of the story is actually worked into the body of the songs so we don\'t get corny spoken parts interrupting the flow of music. The way they reference themselves in When Your Time Comes is brilliant. And in general, the genius with much of the diversity here is that if you take the work as a whole it actually pays tribute to many different forms of music (rock, jazz, classical, etc.) and in doing so specifically supports the legacy of Dream Theater and in general all forms of musical expression.  So what about the music that supports this epic story? Well, there are a few things that really surprised me. With the exception of the overture type songs that we hear at the beginning of Act I and Act II (not new to Dream Theater), it has been a long time since I heard these guys emphasize the melody and really serve the song in this regard. Some of these songs are a bit mellow (especially Act I), so don\'t expect huge technical riffing and endless soloing. That is definitely de-emphasized here to the point that I almost didn\'t believe what I was hearing at first (only because it was such a departure for DT), but with repeated listens these melodies are strikingly beautiful. Even Mangini takes a back seat to the song  his normally mathematical machinations supplanted by supporting rhythms injected with the occasional flamboyancies. Interestingly, much of this music reminds me of the Images and Words/Awake era in that regard, as well as Scenes From A Memory. The piano plays a huge role, especially in Act I. More surprising though is that LaBrie handles the vocals of (in addition to the narrator) ALL EIGHT of the key characters! Those familiar with Ayreon  Arjen Lucassen is the master of 2 CD concept releases  will recall his thing was to give each character in his stories a different voice in the form of an individual singer. Folks, James LaBrie does all of the voices here, which is extremely challenging. And while I would have loved to have heard some guest vocalists on a release like this, LaBrie makes it work. He is truly brilliant on this record. Look, Ive been a sceptic of his voice in the past, at times when his voice was less than stellar. But his performance here is THE focal point of The Astonishing  and to me that is astonishing in and of itself since the history of this band has always been that the vocals kind of take a back seat to the instrumental wizardry. Not so here. Although I will say that while Act I feels a bit more melody driven, Act II brings some of the heaviness, instrumental wizardry and soloing that fans will want. My final surprise with this release musically is that the NOMACS don\'t play a bigger role here. Their "music" only occupies 5 short tracks on the entire 2CD set. I really thought there might be more warring between traditional music and robotic music, but as it turns out the NOMACS are a very small part of the story here as this is really a story about humanity vs. humanity  the machines are controlled by the behavior of the humans, and the ultimate outcome dictated by human actions.  So where are the negatives? Well, more vocalists would have been more fun in my opinion but I applaud LaBries performance here  his best in nearly 2 decades. I don\'t like the long lag between tracks which makes no sense if this is actually to play out like a musical. The digipak presentation is very average, the insert booklet (which is bound to the inside of the digipak) very hard to read. And while I realize the deluxe packages and vinyl packages will provide more in the area of presentation I still cant help but think the label could have done a better job with a release of this magnitude. And so the deluxe editions (ridiculously delayed due to manufacturing issues until later this spring despite the money grab) should shine in this regard and provide even more depth into the story, but Ive yet to hear about any kind of 5.1 formats. I suspect that will come with a BD/DVD live presentation most likely after the tour has concluded. For me, I cant wait to hear the vinyl version. Although it was well advertised ahead of time that the deluxe box version was not going to be available until March, I was disappointed that the vinyl box set has been delayed since as it was originally slated for release today.  In summary, The Astonishing is a different beast, one that might frighten some fans away while simultaneously entice others to explore. But one thing is for sure  this is Dream Theater through and through, and I for one am really glad to see them not only revisit their more melodic roots but also bring something this inspiring, positive and this hugely theatrical to the stage.  3/17/16 - The vinyl version consists of 4 LPs housed in an impressive thick cardboard case containing Act I and Act II - each act a double gatefold 2LP  the impressive fold-out map one side/poster on other, and the FLAC download card. The 180gm black LPs (mine nice and flat) are contained within non anti-static, printed sleeves (a character on each side) and the lyrics themselves are printed on the inside of the gate-folds. I have to say, for the most part the packaging is primo but I do not understand why the lyrics are printed in the same small white font as the CD version and they don\'t fill the entire inner double gate-fold, so it looks awkward and its hard to read the lyrics. This is quite disappointing, to say the least. The artwork on the outside of the box does stand out, though, so thats a plus.  So how does this version sound? Well, with the criticisms about the overly compressed CD version being mostly valid, some fans will be glad to know that the vinyl version does really impart to these songs a more open and vibrant quality, although the difference between the CD and vinyl is not quite as noticeable on this release as that on, say the new Iron Maiden album where the vinyl sounds worlds better than the CD. The bass end does gain traction on the vinyl, but it still seems a bit suppressed (bass drum and guitar that is). What really stands out here are the vocals and some of the nuances in the music (like crowd and background noises) that really jump out of the speakers on the vinyl and really were background in the CD mix. And, the vinyl master sounds really great at high volumes (no distortion) and its here that the bass lines start to assert their power. Overall, I prefer this version, and Im not an audiophile snob as I realize that digital to analog has its pitfalls. In general, I still prefer D to A vinyl to overly compressed CD/mp3 quality most of the time (unless its HD 96/24 digital). Still, until we hear the live performances (which steal the show sound-wise from what Ive read in reviews so far) I think it is fair to say that the vinyl version, which sounds more dynamic and less compressed than the mp3/CD versions, does this composition more justice but still seems a bit lacking in the low frequency punch. Rotating 4 LPs through 8 sides is a lot of work for some so I think this will mostly appeal to those truly looking for the total listening experience to The Astonishing. To me the vinyl experience is a step up from the CD/mp3 version (these are clear/crisp sounding records), but for some the cost may be too steep to justify.', 'Okay, the fact that I dug this song out of the Amazon avalanche of available tunes, says it was a five at the outset. I first heard it years ago on local FM, after hearing Black Hole Sun many times (too sludgy for my tastes--and now the erstwhile "grunge" afficianados will be shooting arrows wrapped in burning flannel soaked in Starbucks at my house--that opinion permanently reversed  by hearing Burden In My Hand for the first time). Long sentence. I apologize. How do I describer this? I\'m told, or heard, that the audience, on hearing Beethoven\'s Fifth for the first time was stunned to silence--a what the h--- was that? moment. Beethoven\'s fifth this tune ain\'t, but after a lot of years, it still surprises, and surprise invokes memory and what is memorable is what makes music last. Don\'t know about the future of this tune, but it popped back into my head the other day, so I bought it. Up close, no airwaves between us, it still moves. Cornell\'s (sic?) voice, working like an engine way over its red line sits on top of some really fine musicianship. Which is, first, what brings any band or singer into my range of attention, the skill of the people involved at the craft they\'ve chosen. And it ain\'t easy, folks. Good job, from a geezer who grew up with the way overvalued music of the sixties.', "Take this song, listen to it, and i assure you will feel better and be dancing around. Toby just has such a great ability to make stuff work and sound great. I've listened to this one since, wow, i can't remember... It's been around since my music listening days began, lol.  Get Back Up. What's it about? Well, we all fall down. We all make mistakes. Trip up. As Christians, but even in our day to life. As Believers, but also in the things we do and try to do well. But just because we stumble... we get back up.... and we should do so dancing. This song WILL help you do that, lol.  Buy it! Go Toby!", "Just saw Foreigner live at Florida State Fairgrounds Ampitheater in Tampa, FL.  They were awesome.  The live version of this song was very awesome.  Sure, Kelly Hanson is not Lou Gramm.  But neither is Lou Gramm anymore.  Kelly Hanson is better in my opinion.  And like everyone I am entitled to my opinion.  This rendition of the song sounds like what the song would have sounded like had Kelly Hanson gone back via a time machine to those days when this song was first recorded.  It has the common restrained sound of the Columbia Records (or similar labels) of 1970s under the control of the likes of engineer who mastered the original Journey albums with Steve Perry.  Like Steve Perry of the 1970s, Kelly Hanson's voice sounds like it should for studio master recordings.  Studio is never meant to sound like live.  Some people seem to want what they had in Lou Gramm.  He's still there in the original recordings.  I was never of the mind that a song can only be recorded by one person and one person alone.  Sure, I love Lou Gramm same as anyone else.  He recorded the soundtrack of my early high school years.  But it is very nice to hear Kelly Hanson sing these songs.  And to know that when I am going to sit next to someone at the modern concerts they may possibly have heard Kelly sing these songs and hear the voice that they recognize.  A voice that sounds amazing when unrestrained and allowed to soar at concerts.  And I for one, among many, many, many others love it when the voice that will sing at the concerts is the voice you hear in the concert commercials.  Bravo Foreigner for keeping the band alive.  Bravo Kelly Hanson for doing a fine job with vocals. And bravo once again to Lou Gramm for giving us vocals to songs that we want to hear over and over again until we die.  Lou lit the torch for Foreigner and Kelly made it brighter keeping it lit Saturday night.  Rock on Foreigner.", 'Here is yet another great set from Bach Guild. I\'m now about halfway through it, and the highlight so far is a fabulous performance of Gluck\'s "Orfeo e Euridice." Maureen Forrester, the greatest contralto of her generation, is downright awesome as Orfeo. I don\'t think she ever sang any better than this. Teresa Stich-Randall is fine, as ever, as Euridice, and the young Charles Mackerras wields a supportive and sensitive baton as he conducts Bach Guild\'s standby Vienna State Opera Orchestra. This performance alone is more than worth your 99 cents. Check out the reviews of the earlier CD release here, where it\'s selling from 3rd parties for $39.99:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gluck-Orfeo-Euridice/dp/B0000023D4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gluck: Orfeo & Euridice</a>. Now admittedly, Gluck\'s Orfeo is not a baroque choral work, but I\'m not complaining! Another favorite is the Pergolesi Stabat Mater--I started with this because I like the soprano, Stich-Randall, and mezzo Elizabeth Hngen. The recording also features Anton Heiller on organ and Mario Rossi conducting the VSOO. It\'s gorgeous! I\'ve also enjoyed the Vivaldi Dixit Dominus (Vivaldi could really write for voices as well as he could write for fiddles) and John Blow\'s impassioned "Ode on the Death of Henry Purcell". Blow had been Purcell\'s teacher and sponsor and so this work is especially personal. Also lovely is Charpentier\'s Magnificat--a graceful and melodius setting. I haven\'t hit a bad performance yet, and I\'m looking forward to exploring further. Unless I\'ve missed something, there are no duplicates with previous Bach Guild releases, which is a bit of a feat in itself, given how much music Bach Guild has given us in the past few years.', 'I have been turning more toward solo piano music lately, and this collection is a welcome bargain that features mainly very solid performances.  The artists are generally excellent performers, but not the most famous names -- with one major exception, as Hungary\'s Jeno Jando features most prominently in the set, with 29 tracks. I consider him an international A-list pianist -- not that I\'m an expert, but Jando is certainly the real deal.  French pianist Evelyne Dubourg, who has recorded quite a bit on the Tudor label, is the second most featured artist, on 15 tracks, and performs very well. I also found the playing on the six tracks by Peter Rsel very engaging.  There are a few problems, however. For one, track No. 7, which is supposed to be the 2nd movement of Edvard Grieg\'s Piano Concerto Op. 16, is in fact a repeat of track No. 1, the famous bit from Beethoven\'s Moonlight Sonata. (Update: I understand this has now been corrected -- check the samples to make sure.)  There are also a few technical glitches, like a distracting "click" on the fade out on track 11 (Robert Schumann\'s "Trumerei"), at 3:03. Track 69, the 2nd movement of Schubert\'s Piano Sonata in Am, has some serious noise issues, especially at about 2:40. A little more care in production could have caught mistakes like these.  Also, it\'s a shame that on orchestral pieces (excerpts from piano concertos and the like), only the names of the orchestras are listed. It is customary to credit the soloist as well, and not doing so is, well, impolite.  Finally, buyers of previous sets from Cobra Entertainment will face a high repetition rate. I have only purchased two of their sets previously --&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/99-Must-Have-Chillout-Classics/dp/B0051QU0M6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">99 Must-Have Chillout Classics</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/99-Must-Have-Mozart-Masterpieces/dp/B0051U6XZU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">99 Must-Have Mozart Masterpieces</a>&nbsp;-- and already this collection gives me 36 tracks that are outright repeats of performances from those other sets. (The large majority of the repeats are from the "Chillout" set.) While I realize that content providers make their living by repackaging and reselling content, this kind of repeat rate after so few purchases appears to bode poorly for the future.  That all being said, is this set worth the introductory price of $1.99? You betcha, and then some. This is great music and overall, highly recommended. Plenty of "greatest hits" that everyone will recognize, but also many well-performed gems that are a little more off the beaten path. A well-programmed collection.  Here is the track list by composer for further reference:  1  Beethoven - Piano Sonata No. 14 "Moonlight": I - Evelyne Dubourg 2  Mozart - Piano Concerto No. 21 in C Major K. 467: II - Vienna Mozart Ensemble 3  Mendelssohn - The Venetian Gondola - Jen Jando 4  Brahms - Waltz in A Major, op. 39 No. 15 - Evelyne Dubourg 5  Chopin - Nocturne in C sharp minor op. posth. - Evelyne Dubourg 6  Dvorak - Humoresque in G flat Major, op. 101 - Jen Jando 7  Grieg - Piano Concerto in A minor op. 16: II - Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra 8  Beethoven - Fr Elise - Evelyne Dubourg 9  Debussy - Moonlight (Claire de lune) - Evelyne Dubourg 10 Mendelssohn - Spring Song, op. 62 No. 6 - Jen Jando 11 Schumann - Trumerei - Evelyne Dubourg 12 Mozart - Piano Concerto No. 23 in A Major: II  - Vienna Mozart Ensemble 13 Bach / Gounod - Ave Maria - Simhah Chamber Collegium 14 Schubert - Moment musical No. 2 in A flat Major - Jen Jando 15 Anton Rubinstein - Melody in F op. 3 No. 1 - Jen Jando 16 Mendelssohn - Song Without Words - Duetto in F Major, op. 38 No. 6 - Jen Jando 17 Chopin - Piano Concerto No. 2 in F minor op. 21: II - Warsaw National Philharmonic 18 Grieg - Arietta, op. 12 No. 1 - Jen Jando 19 Tchaikovsky - Barcarole (from "The Seasons") - Jen Jando 20 Saint-Sans - Aquarium (from "The Carnival of Animals") - Hungarian National Philharmonic 21 Schumann - Abschied (from "Waldszenen") - Evelyne Dubourg 22 Beethoven - Piano Concerto No. 4 in G Major op. 58: II - Sofia Philharmonic 23 Grieg - To Spring op. 43 No. 6 - Jen Jando 24 Brahms - Romance in F Major op. 118 No. 5 - Dnes Vrjon 25 Schumann - Einsame Blumen - Evelyne Dubourg 26 Schubert - Moment musical No. 6 in F minor - Jen Jando 27 Mozart - Piano Concerto No. 26 in D Major "Coronation": II - Hungarian Radio Symphony Orchestra 28 Beethoven - Piano Sonata No. 23 in F minor op. 57 "Appassionata": II - Istvan Szekely 29 Schubert - Impromptu in G flat Major D899 No. 3 - Jen Jando 30 Tchaikovsky - Piano Concerto No. 1 in B flat minor: II - Budapest Philharmonic 31 Liszt - Romance in E minor - Vilmos Fischer 32 Mendelssohn - Song Without Words in E Major op. 19,1 - Jen Jando 33 Mussorgsky - The Old Castle (from "Pictures Of An Exhibition") - Dnes Vrjon 34 Brahms - Intermezzo in A Major op. 76 No. 6 - Jen Jando 35 Beethoven - Piano Concerto No. 3 in C minor op. 37: II - Sofia Philharmonic 36 Schubert - Impromptu in A flat Major D 899 No. 4 - Jen Jando 37 Grieg - Notturno op. 54 No. 4 - Jen Jando 38 Mendelssohn - Spinning Song op. 67 - Evelyne Dubourg 39 Schumann - Romance in F sharp Major op. 28 No. 2 - Evelyne Dubourg 40 Bach - Piano Concerto No. 5 in F minor BWV 1056: II  - Sofia Soloists Chamber Ensemble 41 Beethoven - Piano Sonata No. 8 in C minor "Pathtique": II - Istvan Szekely 42 Schubert - "Trout Quintet": IV. Andante (Excerpt) - Colorado String Quartet 43 Schumann - Des Abends - Jen Jando 44 Grieg - Butterfly op. 43 No. 1 - Jen Jando 45 Tchaikovsky - Chant sans paroles (Souvenir de Hapsal) op. 2 No. 3 - Jen Jando 46 Scriabin - Nocturne For The Left Hand, op. 9 - Evelyne Dubourg 47 Liszt - La Campanella - Donatella Failoni 48 Schumann - Scenes of Childhood: I. Of Foreign Lands and People - Evelyne Dubourg 49 Chopin - Ballade in F Major op. 38 - Ivo Pogorelich 50 Mozart - Piano Concerto No. 14 K.449: II - Franz Liszt Chamber Orchestra 51 Chopin - Etude in A flat Major op. 10 No. 10 - Kemal Gekic 52 Brahms - Intermezzo in C sharp minor op. 117,3 - Dnes Vrjon 53 Chopin - Mazurka No. 1 in G minor op. 24 - Jean-Marc Luisada 54 Mozart - Fantasy in D minor - Jen Jando 55 Schubert - Piano Sonata in B Major op. posth. 147: II - Peter Rsel 56 Chopin - Mazurka in C sharp minor op. 30,4 - Kemal Gekic 57 Brahms - Intermezzo in E flat minor op. 117,1 - Jen Jando 58 Schubert - Moment musical No. 1 in C Major - Jen Jando 59 Mozart - Piano Sonata in C Major K.330: II - Margarete Babinsky 60 Beethoven - Piano Concerto No. 5 in E flat Major op. 73 "Emperor": II - Sofia Philharmonic 61 Brahms - Intermezzo in F minor op. 118,4 - Dnes Vrjon 62 Chopin - Impromptu in C sharp minor op. 66 "Fantasy Impromptu" - Halina Czerny-Stefanska 63 Schumann - Warum? (from "Phantasie pieces op. 12") - Jen Jando 64 Chopin - Prelude in F major op. 28 No. 23 - Ivo Pogorelich 65 Schubert - Impromptu in C minor D899,1 - Jen Jando 66 Mozart - Piano Concerto No. 17 in G Major K.453: II - Vienna Mozart Ensemble 67 Schubert - Impomptu in A flat Major D.935 No. 2 - Evelyne Dubourg 68 Chopin - Nocturne in D flat Major op. 27,2 - Dnes Vrjon 69 Schubert - Piano Sonata in A minor op. posth. 143: II  - Peter Rsel 70 Beethoven - Piano Concerto No. 2 in B flat Major op. 19: II - Sofia Philharmonic 71 Chopin - Mazurka in B flat minor op. 24,4 - Jean-Marc Luisada 72 Liszt - Berceuse - Donatella Failoni 73 Schubert - Impromptu in B flat Major D935 No. 3 (Thema con Variazioni) - Jen Jando 74 Mozart - Piano Sonata in F Major K 332: II - Margarete Babinsky 75 Brahms - Intermezzo in B flat minor op. 117,2 - Dnes Vrjon 76 Chopin - Nocturne in B Major op. 9, No. 3 - Krzysztof Jablonski 77 Schubert - Piano Sonata in B flat Major D960: II - Peter Rsel 78 Chopin - Prelude No. 25 in C sharp minor op. 45 - Adam Harasiewicz 79 Mozart - Piano Sonata in A Major K.331: I - Margarete Babinsky 80 Beethoven - Piano Concerto No. 1 in C Major op. 15: II - Sofia Philharmonic 81 Debussy - Danseuses des delphs (from ("Preludes I") - Zheni Zaharieva 82 Chopin - Mazurka in C minor op. 30, No. 1 - Jean-Marc Luisada 83 Brahms - Intermezzo in A minor op. 76, No. 7 - Jen Jando 84 Mendelssohn - Song Without Words in G Major op. 62,1 - Jen Jando 85 Brahms - Intermezzo in E flat minor op. 118,6 - Jen Jando 86 Brahms - Intermezzo in A Major op. 118, No. 2 - Jen Jando 87 Schubert - Piano Sonata in E minor D566: I - Peter Rsel 88 Chopin - Mazurka in B minor op. 24 No. 4 - Jean-Marc Luisada 89 Schubert - Wanderer-Fantasie: II - Peter Rsel 90 Mozart - Piano Concerto No. 9 in E flat Major "Jeunehomme" K.271: II - Vienna Mozart Ensemble 91 Chopin - Impromptu No. 3 in G flat Major op. 51 - Adam Harasiewicz 92 Grieg - Folk Song, op. 12, No. 5 - Jen Jando 93 Schubert - Piano Sonata in B flat Major D960: I - Peter Rsel 94 Chopin - Prelude in B flat Major op. 28, No. 21 - Ivo Pogorelich 95 Debussy - Le Cathdrale engloutie (aus "Prludes I") - Zheni Zaharieva 96 Isaac Albeniz - Malaguena (from "Recuerdos del Viaje No. 6") - Evelyne Dubourg 97 Chopin - Barcarole in F sharp Major op. 60 - Dang Thai Son 98 Liszt - Love Dream - Evelyne Dubourg 99 Chopin - Piano Concerto No. 1 in E minor op. 11: II - Budapest Philharmonic', 'Having enjoyed some instrumental versions of a few pieces in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/30-Must-Have-Cello-Romances/dp/B00GTUHDL4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">30 Must-Have Cello Romances</a>, I thought this greater variety of pieces was worth trying. Some were entirely instrumental to begin with, but many would normally have vocals. I am over half way through the album now, and like what I hear. The instrumental versions do not replace the original versions, but it is nice for variety, and people who "don\'t like opera" may prefer them altogether.  The composer information is not listed in the description, so I have copied it from the MP3 files:  1) Richard Wagner; The Valkyrie, WWV 86b, Act III: Ride of the Valkyries 2) Giuseppe Verdi; Nabucco, Act III: Chorus of the Hebrew Slaves (Instrumental Version) 3) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act II: Papageno\'s Aria - "Der Vogelfnger bin ich ja" (Instrumental Version) 4) Giacomo Puccini; Gianni Schicchi: Lauretta\'s Aria - "O Mio Babbino Caro" (Instrumental Version) 5) Giuseppe Verdi; La Traviata, Act I: Brindisi (Instrumental Version) 6) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Marriage of Figaro, K. 492, Act II: Cherubin\'s Song - "Voi che sapete" (Instrumental Version) 7) Giacomo Puccini; La Bohme, Act I: Mimi\'s Aria - "Si, Mi Chiamano Mimi" (Instrumental Version) 8) Richard Wagner; Tannhuser, WWV 70, Act II: Entry of the Guests (Instrumental Version) 9) Giuseppe Verdi; Rigoletto, Act I: Gilda\'s Aria - "Caro Nome" (Instrumental Version) 10) Giacomo Puccini; Manon Lescaut, Act I: Des Grieux\'s Aria - "Donna non vidi mai" (Instrumental Version) 11) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; Don Giovanni, K. 527, Act I: Duet Don Giovanni and Zerlina - "La ci darem la mano" (Instrumental Version) 12) Gioachino Rossini; William Tell, Act III: Soldier\'s Dance 13) Giacomo Puccini; Tosca, Act II: Tosca\'s Prayer (Instrumental Version) 14) Giuseppe Verdi; Il Trovatore, Act II: Gypsy Chorus (Instrumental Version) 15) Giacomo Puccini; Sister Angelica: Angelica\'s Aria - "Senza mamma" (Instrumental Version) 16) Richard Wagner; Lohengrin, WWV 75, Act III: Prelude 17) Giuseppe Verdi; Il Trovatore, Act II: Azucena\'s Aria - "Stride la vampa" (Instrumental Version) 18) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Marriage of Figaro, K. 492, Act I: Figaro\'s Aria - "Non pi Andrai" (Instrumental Version) 19) Amilcare Ponchielli; La Gioconda, Act III: Dance of the Hours 20) Giacomo Puccini; Turandot, Act III: Calaf\'s Aria - "Nessun Dorma" (Instrumental Version) 21) Giuseppe Verdi; La Traviata, Act II: Germont\'s Aria - "Di Provenza" (Instrumental Version) 22) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act II: Queen of the Night\'s Aria - \'\'Der hlle rache\'\' (Instrumental Version) 23) Gioachino Rossini; The Barber of Seville, Act II: No. 15, Temporale (Thunderstorm) 24) Giacomo Puccini; Madama Butterfly, Act II: Butterfly\'s Aria - "Un bel di vedremo" (Instrumental Version) 25) Richard Wagner; Parsifal, WWV 111, Act III: Chorus of the Knights - "Geleiten wir" (Instrumental Version) 26) Giuseppe Verdi; Aida, Act I: Radames\' Romance - "Celeste Aida" (Instrumental Version) 27) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Marriage of Figaro, K. 492, Act III: Contessa\'s Aria - "Dove sono" (Instrumental Version) 28) Albert Lortzing; Tsar and Carpenter, Act III: Dance of the Clogs 29) Giacomo Puccini; Tosca, Act III: Cavaradossi\'s Aria - "E lucevan le stelle" (Instrumental Version) 30) Giuseppe Verdi; Aida, Act II: Triumphal March and Chorus (Instrumental Version) 31) Modest Mussorgsky; Khovanshchina, Act IV: Dance of the Persian Slaves 32) Richard Wagner; The Mastersingers of Nuremberg, WWV 96, Act III: Walther\'s Prize Song - "Morgenlich leuchtend in rosigem Schein" (Instrumental Version) 33) Giacomo Puccini; La Bohme, Act II: Musette Waltz and Finale (Instrumental Version) 34) Giuseppe Verdi; Rigoletto, Act III: Quartet - "Bella figlia dell\'amore" (Instrumental Version) 35) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; Cosi fan tutte, K. 588, Act I: Duet Fiordiligi and Dorabella - "Ah guarda, sorella" (Instrumental Version) 36) Giacomo Puccini; Madama Butterfly, Act I: Love Duet - "Vogliatemi bene" (Instrumental Version) 37) Giuseppe Verdi; La forza del destino, Act II: Chorus - "Rataplan, Rataplan" (Instrumental Version) 38) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act II: Pamina\'s Aria - "Ach, ich fhl\'s es ist verschwunden" (Instrumental Version) 39) Ludwig van Beethoven; Fidelio, Op. 72, Act I: March 40) Gioachino Rossini; William Tell: Overture 41) Georges Bizet; Carmen Suite No. 1: III. Intermezzo 42) Giacomo Puccini; Tosca, Act I: Cavaradossi\'s Aria - "Ah! Finalmente! Recondita armonia" (Instrumental Version) 43) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act II: Papageno\'s Aria - "Ein Mdchen oder Weibchen" (Instrumental Version) 44) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act II: Sarastro\'s Aria and Chorus of the Priests - "O Isis und Osiris schenket" (Instrumental Version) 45) Giuseppe Verdi; Il Trovatore, Act III: Manrico\'s Stretta - "Di quella pira" (Instrumental Version) 46) Giacomo Puccini; La Bohme, Act I: Rodolfo\'s Aria - "Che gelida manina" (Instrumental Version) 47) Charles Gounod; Faust, Act II: V. Valse 48) Georges Bizet; Carmen Suite No. 2, Act II: VI. Danse boheme 49) Jacques Offenbach; The Tales of Hoffmann, Act II: Barcarole 50) Richard Wagner; Das Rheingold, WWV 86a: Entry of the Gods at Walhall 51) Giacomo Puccini; Turandot, Act I: Calaf\'s Aria - "Non piangere, Li" (Instrumental Version) 52) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Marriage of Figaro, K. 492, Act III: Duet Contessa and Susanna - "Canzonetta sul\'aria" (Instrumental Version) 53) Friedrich Smetana; The Bartered Bride: II. Polka 54) Giacomo Puccini; Manon Lescaut, Act II: Manon\'s Aria - "In quelle trine morbide" (Instrumental Version) 55) Giacomo Puccini; Turandot, Act I: Scene and Chorus (Instrumental Version) 56) Giuseppe Verdi; Don Carlos, Act IV: Posa\'s Death (Instrumental Version) 57) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; Don Giovanni, K. 527, Act I: Zerlina\'s Aria - "Batti, batti" (Instrumental Version) 58) Giacomo Puccini; La Bohme, Act I: Love Duet - "O soave faciulla" (Instrumental Version) 59) Rimsky-Korsakov; The Snow Maiden, Act II: Dance of the Tumblers 60) Giacomo Puccini; Madama Butterfly, Act II: Flower Duet - "Il cannone del porto!" / Humming Chorus (Instrumental Version) 61) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Marriage of Figaro, K. 492, Act I: Cherubino\'s Aria - "Non So Piu Cosa Son, Cosa Faccio" (Instrumental Version) 62) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act II: Sarastro\'s Aria - "In diesen heilgen Hallen" (Instrumental Version) 63) Gioachino Rossini; The Barber of Seville: Overture 64) Giacomo Puccini; Turandot, Act I: Liu\'s Aria - "Signor, ascolta" (Instrumental Version) 65) Giuseppe Verdi; La Traviata, Act II: Gypsy Chorus - "Noi siamo zingarelle" (Instrumental Version) 66) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act I: Duet Pamina and Papageno - "Bei Mnnern, welche Liebe fhlen" (Instrumental Version) 67) Giacomo Puccini; Madama Butterfly, Act II: Pinkerton\'s Aria - "Dovunqe al mondo" (Instrumental Version) 68) Richard Wagner; Twilight of the Gods, WWV 86d, Act II: Siegfried\'s Rhine Journey 69) Georges Bizet; Carmen, Act I: Micaela\'s Aria - "Je dis que rien" (Instrumental Version) 70) Giacomo Puccini; Madama Butterfly, Act II: Butterfly\'s Death - "Tu? piccolo Iddio!" (Instrumental Version) 71) Richard Wagner; Tannhuser, WWV 70, Act I: Venusberg Bacchanal 72) Giacomo Puccini; Le Prophte: Marche du couronnement 73) Giuseppe Verdi; Macbeth, Act II: Banco\'s Aria - "Studia il passo" (Instrumental Version) 74) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; Don Giovanni, K. 527, Act I: Don Giovanni\'s Aria - "Finch han dal vino" (Instrumental Version) 75) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; Don Giovanni, K. 527, Act II: Zerlina\'s Aria - "Vedrai, carino" (Instrumental Version) 76) Giacomo Puccini; Tosca, Act I: Duet Tosca and Cavaradossi - "Ah! que gli ochi" (Instrumental Version) 77) Richard Wagner; The Valkyrie, WWV 86b, Act I: Siegmund\'s Love Song (Instrumental Version) 78) Giacomo Puccini; La Bohme, Act IV: Duet Rodlfo and Marcello - "In un coup ... O Mim tu pi non torni" (Instrumental Version) 79) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Marriage of Figaro, K. 492, Act I: Bartolo\'s Aria - "La vendetta" (Instrumental Version) 80) Richard Wagner; Siegfried, WWV 86c, Act III: Finale (Instrumental Version) 81) Giacomo Puccini; Turandot, Act III: Duet Calaf and Liu - "Che  mai di me?" (Instrumental Version) 82) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act I: Tamino\'s Aria - "Dies Bildnis ist bezaubernd schn" (Instrumental Version) 83) Giacomo Puccini; Don Carlos, Act I: Duet Carlo and Rodrigo - " lui! Desso! lIinfante" (Instrumental Version) 84) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; Don Giovanni, K. 527, Act I: Leporello\'s Aria - "Madamina il catalogo" (Instrumental Version) 85) Giacomo Puccini; Manon Lescaut, Act IV: Finale (Instrumental Version) 86) Richard Wagner; The Valkyrie, WWV 86b, Act III: Wotan\'s Farewell and Magic Fire Music 87) Giacomo Puccini; Tosca, Act III: Duet Tosca and Cavaradossi - "O Dolce Mani" (Instrumental Version) 88) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act II: Trio - "Sol lich dich, Terurer, Nicht mehr sehn" (Instrumental Version) 89) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act II: Finale (Instrumental Version) 90) Giacomo Puccini; La Bohme, Act IV: Mimi\'s Aria - "Sono andati? Fingevo di dormire" (Instrumental Version) 91) Giuseppe Verdi; Un ballo in maschera, Act III: Oscar\'s Song - "Saper vorreste" (Instrumental Version) 92) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; Cosi fan tutte, K. 588, Act I: Ferrando\'s Aria - "Un\'aura amorosa" (Instrumental Version) 93) Giacomo Puccini; La fanciulla del West: Johnson\'s Aria - "Ch\'ella mi creda" (Instrumental Version) 94) Giuseppe Verdi; Rigoletto, Act III: Duca\'s Aria - "La donna e mobile" (Instrumental Version) 95) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; Don Giovanni, K. 527, Act II: Finale (Instrumental Version) 96) Richard Wagner; Tristan and Isolde, WWV 90, Act III: Prelude - Isolde\'s Liebestod 97) Richard Wagner; Tristan and Isolde, WWV 90, Act III: Love Duet - "O sink hernieder Nacht der Liebe" (Instrumental Version) 98) Richard Wagner; Tristan and Isolde, WWV 90, Act III: Isoldes Liebestod (Instrumental Version) 99) Richard Wagner; Twilight of the Gods, WWV 86d, Act III: Siegfried\'s Death and Funeral March 100) Richard Wagner; Twilight of the Gods, WWV 86d, Act III: Finale (Instrumental Version)  The total download was 889 MB, and bitrates vary between 229 and 252 kbps. At the price offered, you can hardly go wrong.', "If you're reading this chances are you already own the original 2 CD set compiled from these 1973 gigs.  So any lengthy review isn't needed for this new additional set of music.  If you like the tunes found on the original set (which are different from the versions on this new set) you'll find even more to like across these three discs and the DVD.  Suffice to say these performances (with a few songs appearing more than once) are superb--Morrison and his hot band are on cracking form.  Morrison knew how to sing a lyric--his tone, his inflection, the small spaces he leaves between words or phrases--all accent his emotional range over these songs.  And listen to the bass/drums foundation that seamlessly propel this  music.  The strings rounding off some of the sharper edges.  The horns when they get pumping.  And that piano!  Like many of you I also ordered Vol. 1 because the sound (using the original tapes) has been improved for that 'you are there'  feel.  The DVD is an equal visual treasure of Morrison on stage during this period.  And speaking of Vol. 1--the new set is a tri-fold cardboard package with a pocket for each disc.  There's a few color  photos of Morrison (mostly) and the band on stage.  And again there's no booklet.  In a nutshell--this may be the best (and best recorded) example of live Van Morrison and his Caledonia Soul Orchestra with few (if any) less impressive moments.  When people talk about Morrison as  a performer this set (and Vol. 1) is all the proof needed.  And if for some reason this era of Morrison's music is new to you--buy with complete confidence.  The packaging is a five panel fold-out  cardboard style for the discs, with snap-in trays (with photos underneath)  for each disc, with a  panel with a  pocket for the 10 page booklet that has a two paragraph explanation of the music, track list for each disc, a list of band members, and a few photographs.  Personally I was hoping for a more in-depth look at the music with an essay putting these gigs (and Morrison) into some kind of perspective.  But at least we have this great music which is the most important thing.", "5-star songs are *typically* the only songs that make it into my library. With that said, I could explain all the reasons I love this, or. I could tell you that Amazon reviews are a wonderful tool, but make little sense when it comes to music. Music is a personal thing. It would be much more beneficial to just listen to the sample that Amazon provides and judge it for yourself. Granted it is only a 30 second sample, but that is generally enough time to explore new bands and get a feel of their music, or make sure that a song you are about to purchase is the right version. If you want to listen to a sample, simply hover over the track you are interested in, and press the play button.  While a great deal of my music library is comprised of Amazon's free songs, I splurged and spent a whopping 69 cents on this one.  Thats right...Amazon has a FREEBIE / CHEAP section with both songs AND albums. A great way to construct an entire music library, and admittedly, the way I obtained most of my own music. But quite honestly, a wonderful way to explore new music, too. In fact, some of the songs that Ive obtained through Amazon as freebies would eventually lead to me falling in love with a new band, and ultimately buying some of their other songs that happened to have a (more substantial) price tag. Anyway...enough of my rambling.  This album is great! At the very least, give it a 30-second listen?  And don't forget, if you are in the market for freebies or really good digital music deals (69 cent songs, $5 albums!), you can always check here  FREE MUSIC: From Amazon Home page --> Departments (drop down menu) --> Digital and Prime Music -->Deals --> Songs by Price / Albums by Price (on left side of screen)", 'This review is for the Amazon Gift Card (any amount) in the Mini Amazon Shipping Box:  Do you get excited when your Amazon Shipment arrives at your door? The sight of the brown Amazon box & the excitement of getting a new delivery? If so, then you are going to LOVE the little gift box that this gift card comes in. I\'ve ordered many of the Amazon tins, & some with the greeting cards, & this is one of my favorites!  It is Super Adorable, & a great way to give a gift card for any Amazon Fan!  The little brown box is about 4.5" x 3" x 1" tall. The inside comes with a removable brown flap that holds the gift card perfectly.  Open the flap & it reveals the gift card inside. The top flaps seem like they are magnetic because when you go to reclose they snap back into place. The bottom has a clear window that allows you to see inside. Small print on the back- Amazon Gift cards, made in China. I chose the "Thank you" gift card. (see attached pics). This little gift box comes free with the purchase of your gift card. You can reuse it, or swap out the gift card if you choose.  It arrives with inside an outer box, so it should arrive safe & sound.  Would it make a great gift? Definitely!  Amazon is a great card to give because there are So many choices of what to spend it on. Unlike other gift cards where you are stuck to a particular retailer/restaurant. etc, this gives you a variety. I like purchasing gift cards in $25 quantities so I can have a quick gift in hand just in case I need a quick or unexpected gift.  Recommended for:  I recommend this for anyone who loves shopping on Amazon. If you or your gift recipient love getting that Amazon brown box delivery, then you will be giddy when you see this adorable box!  Ideas: You can purchase this & swap out the gift cards. So, for example, it doesnt appear they are still offering the thank you card with this box (like when I bought it).  You could purchase one of the other "thank you" gift cards (in box, card, etc), & then purchase a one of these mini box ones & swap the 2 cards. Or use 1 of the gift cards for yourself for future purchases.  At the time I\'m writing this review, it appears you can purchase the gift cards in $25-$2000 amounts. There are 2 posts for this particular mini box style with birthday icons & classic white gift card offerings.  Love this little brown box & I will be ordering more. 5 Stars. Happy Shopping! :)', 'UPDATE: 5/31/16  After all the "hulabaloo" about an empty Noodles & Co. gift card, I found out from Noodles corporate office customer setvice that you CANNOT enter all the numbers on the back of the gift card to check the balance...only the last 14 numbers from the card. As it turns out, my gift card was fully loaded and ready to use.  Apparently Noodles had several complaints about the issue over the last few months because they added a special note to their gift card page..."If your gift card number has 19 digits, please only enter the last 14 digits of your card number, omitting the first 5 digits.".  **If you recently gifted a Noodles & Co. gift card, please have your giftee recheck their card balance (only enter the last 14 digits of their card number, omitting the first 5 digits) or contact Noodles directly like I did.  You won\'t regret either transaction.  It would be nice if AMAZON or the gift card seller would add this info to the product description to save time & money for everyone.  The web page is:  [...]  RUNNING LOW? Check your gift card balance anytime! Enter your gift card ID number found on the back of your card in the box below and click on the "Submit" button. If it\'s time to fill up, you can refuel at your neighborhood Noodles & Company.  If your gift card number has 19 digits, please only enter the last 14 digits of your card number, omitting the first 5 digits.  TIP:  Do join the eClub rewards.  You can get free food and get coupons by email.  It\'s worth the extra little bit of time plus you will learn about new offerings and menu changes.  I especially love the BOGO coupons.  I like to buy a salad and get a second one for the next day or share with a friend.  Gift the card another look.  NOTE: I was not compensated for my review.  =============================== Feb 2016 When I first purchased my gift card  I went online to the Noodles website and checked the balance on my NEW gift card several times and each time it said NO BALANCE.  I was very frustrated and angry.  AMAZON was kind enough the replace the card with a new one.']
['The tent worked great!  Pros:  1) Huge. I had one queen air mattress and one king air mattress. There was probably at least enough room for another queen. 2) very easy to setup (note, if the arc tent pole doesn\'t quite fit, you have it in the wrong sleeve :) ) To make life simpler you should have a second person for the last 5 minutes of setup to help stand up the arcs. You will only need the instructions once. Be aware of the state of the red "markers" on the center poles. They appear to be tape and will wear off. May need to find a more permanent "red marker". 3) door in front and back 4) pretty good ventilation with tarp on. 5) not as bulk folded up as you would think 6) only really needed 4 stakes (I bought 8 heavy duty) during the dry season. 2 more for the fly during rainy season.  Cons: 1) material is the same basic material that most tents are made out of. I was kind of expecting something more bulky 2) The bag that the tent came in came ripped. 3) getting it back in the back (without getting everything all dirty, dratted light colors) was difficult 4) It barely fit in the campsite though (but that is my problem). 5) If you think that the "cabin" door will close it self, it won\'t. But still nice to have. 6) instructions are sewn to the bag and are black, white and not the easiest to read or see the diagrams. Maybe if they have the instructions online print them.  All in all great tent and great price even at two hundred.', "It's day 78 on the road since we left. Our full story @ earthen_religion on Instagram & YouTube. I am not into panhandling or begging since we ( Two Border Collies) set out to move. But when the weather turned cold & food started to run short. The choice was fuel to keep moving or food. Then while at a library. I remembered I have an Amazon Store Card..... Lor got a jacket to stay warm in that matches Holigraph's jacket. Some Purina moist dog for them both. Jack links to share with them, along with Cheezit's. But to look far enough into Amazon & find the section of Gift cards..... OMG! Got the Domino's Pizza E-Gift card. It came 27 1/2mins after purchase. This e-card is BTW the MVP. Cause: Eta could be 5- 30mins for when you get the e-card. Dominos are open until 1am in some places. Once I had the code me & the girls split some Kicker chicken nuggets. Which when living outdoors in a perpetual state. Real food is prized.  Then had the Taco Bell & Burger King gift cards sent to my Address on the road. When online at both to check balances after they showed up 24hrs later. This even after the payments I'll end up making is far better than freezing or being hungry.", "It's day 78 on the road since we left. Our full story @ earthen_religion on Instagram & YouTube. I am not into panhandling or begging since we ( Two Border Collies) set out to move. But when the weather turned cold & food started to run short. The choice was fuel to keep moving or food. Then while at a library. I remembered I have an Amazon Store Card..... Lor got a jacket to stay warm in that matches Holigraph's jacket. Some Purina moist dog for them both. Jack links to share with them, along with Cheezit's. But to look far enough into Amazon & find the section of Gift cards..... OMG! Got the Domino's Pizza E-Gift card. It came 27 1/2mins after purchase. Then had the Taco Bell & Burger King gift cards sent to my Address on the road. When online at both to check balances after they showed up 24hrs later. This even after the payments I'll end up making is far better than freezing or being hungry.", "I was weary about purchasing this product because of all of those 1-star reviews. I decided to take the plunge, though, because I had $65 on my Amazon Gift Card balance. My Prime membership had expired, I hoped that I could use my Amazon Gift card balance to renew it, but for whatever reason, it doesn't appear to be possible. I wanted to treat myself, though, so I went ahead and took a chance on this e-gift card for Ulta so I could pick up some skin care and makeup necessities. Very glad that I did, despite the reviews. That being said, there are a few things that I have learned from buying e-gift cards on Amazon, and I hope these tips can help. First, for in-person orders, do not bother having them scan the bar code, it never works - instead, just read the numbers off to them, simple. Second, if you copy and paste the 16 digit card number, you will need to manually remove the spaces or else it won't register (that's how it is with Dominos, anyway). Dumb, I know, but if it isn't working, try removing the spaces just in case. Third, when shopping at Ulta.com you CANNOT use more than one gift card. Why is that a problem? Because to use the ENTIRETY of my Amazon balance, I had to purchase two separate cards in the amounts of $30 and $35. I didn't want any remaining balance lingering as I have no idea when I'll have the extra funds to renew my Prime membership. This was an inconvenience because I had to split my Ulta purchases into two separate orders. Fourth, apparently the recipient needs to have an Amazon membership. If you are gifting a young person who isn't able to make an Amazon account you could always send the gift card to yourself and then send the card number and pin to the recipient. I have purchased E-Gift Cards off of Amazon for the following companies: P.F. Chang's, Domino's, Ulta, Panda Express, and Chipotle, and haven't had any issues with any of them. It just sounds like Amazon customer service isn't very good at helping people troubleshoot technical issues Order was successful, and if you are still reading, I really hope that this review has helped you make a decision regarding whether or not to purchase. If you have the time, it is usually worthwhile to go for the physical card, but these E-Gift cards are still quite convenient if you are in a pinch or have a long-distance recipient.", '<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sambazon-Acai-Powerscoop-Powder-90g-from-Sambazon/dp/B000QVDNBG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sambazon Acai Powerscoop Powder 90g from Sambazon</a>  As a person with an auto-immune disease, where chronic fatigue is a major obstacle, I have navigated through many nutritional support options to supplement a healthy diet and when I first began to read about the Acai Berry, I was interested in trying it. I have used other anti-oxidant products from very dependable sources, and there is just no dramatic difference I detect with this product. Freeze dried Acai appears to be the most dependable formulation for delivery of the benefits of the berry, but I honestly noticed no change after a month trial. (I actually had to stop taking this product for a few days as for some reason, perhaps attributed to the pH of the supplement, I found the product worsened my gastritis). I give the product three stars, because I do believe that for some people, they may see remarkable results, but I certainly did not. I still believe that this product is worth a try, for all the reasons that the Acai Berry has the potential to yield wonderful changes in overall health. It just did not do it for me. Good luck to those who choose to try this. I would recommend this brand because of the preference of the freeze dried state to hold onto all the nutritional "miracles". Don\'t get succored into cheaper brands. The nature of a complicated illness may or may not be a factor that determines clinical outcomes. Healthy supplement options are at times only as good as the Company that makes them. I do believe that the Acai Berry is a very important food souce. Besides the wonders of its potential health benefits, it is a product that ensures the preservation of the Amazon Jungles. On the flip-side, the less we eat hearts of palms which comes from the same tree and literally ensures the destruction of the tree to harvest the hearts, the better.', "Great product. This vinegar is like any vinegar, it does have a sour taste and a sour odor.  But when i add two table spoons of Bragg's vinegar, morning and evening, to about 4 oz of water and about 4 oz of Pomegranate juice the taste becomes delectable. It is almost like having a glass wine with a little sour touch. I love it. But here is the best part yet. When I was at the doctor's office just before I started drinking this delectable juice, the nurse insisted on weighing me, which I did not mind. But here is the point, within one week after I started drinking this delectable juice, I literally lost 3 pounds of weight without even trying, or intending to lose weight. Since I started drinking this juice, I lost a real desire to eat. Whenever my wife would suggest eating I would just tell her that I was not hungry. But today was different. I had declared a day of no juice, just because I wanted to be different, but by the end of the day i had eaten everything that was chewable, or drinkable. I immediately realized why I had lost the 3 pounds of weight in 1 week. It was confirmed to me that drinking this juice was definitely suppresssing  my appetite, with absolutely no intention of drinking this drink for this purpose. But I am drinking the Bragg's vinegar for health reasons for sure, like cholesterol and HBP etc,  and the loss of appetite is just a bonus. Furthermore, the seller is one of the best customer friendly on the web, and that is very important to me, and I imagine to you as well. Also, the bottles (I bought 3) that I purchased were so well packaged; that if you were to drop a bottle from a second story window it would not break. It is not often that you come across a purchase on the web that has so many positives, to sing its praises. On top of that I have not even mentioned a word about the price, which was the lowest for this product on the internet. So buy Bragg's vinegar, make your own juice just as you like it, drink it and be happy or be happier. But remember happiness does not come from what you drink or eat, but it comes from inside and this drink is just a compliment to your own happiness.  .", 'I\'ve been trying all kinds of canned sardines and especially looking for the lemon flavored ones for  the times I wouldn\'t have a lemon handy. The packing of these caught my eye and they seemed to be a well regarded brand so I gave them a shot. I am really glad I did. These aren\'t the little fish that seem so sought out by sardine lovers. These are rather large chunks of cut up fish. The can I tried had 3 pieces and they were packaged in a rather dark colored oil. The aroma was classic sardine: oily and fishy. I didn\'t detect any smoke or lemon. The fish itself was very firm and took some effort to break open with a fork. I get a little paranoid with these bigger fish that they aren\'t all going to be cleaned properly and I don\'t want any nasty surprises. So I break them open to make sure they are clean. These were pristine. The only thing I saw besides meaty fish was a spine or two, but they were completely soft and not "boney" at all. The fish itself was absolutely delicious. Such a wonderful flavor! I had them on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wasa-Crisp-n-Light-7-Grain-4-9-Ounce-Boxes-Pack-of-10/dp/B000EUJLHE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wasa Crisp \'n Light 7 Grain, 4.9-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 10)</a>with a little mayo and tomato and it was an outstanding meal. There was no fish, smoke, or lemon taste. It was just GOOD. And kudos to whomever designed the packaging. They did a great job. Nicest canned fish can out there.', 'I couldn\'t agree more with the customer who says you will be hooked.  This is one pricey love but I\'ve been fond of this, "tastes like liquid oxygen" beverage since it got to the United States in the 80s!  Then it was practically a salon item. I even called overseas to the French offices that controlled its distribution back then and was told, "you don\'t see it everywhere because we don\'t want it sold everywhere!".  I started drinking it when it was $1.99 for this 50 ounce size now its nice to see it below $3 a bottle.  Once you have it you can\'t stand anything else I\'m afraid.  I dragged in bottles via city cabs.  Then once my fingers could stand the shopping bag handles no more, I bribed delivery people to go beyond their store\'s delivery area to begin to get a monthly case.  Fast fwd 20 years finally I have online grocers who yes yes yes carry Volvic so my living rm looks like a Volvic storage facility at all times.  Poland Spring tastes bitter by comparison and even Figi with its great bottle and all doesn\'t taste as clean and refreshing as Volvic does year in and year out.  I am so glad this luxury now involves giving clean well water to those in world who had no clean water (says so right on the bottle).  There is a website that discusses the mineral content of bottled water brands.  I\'ll admit Volvic is certainly not high in any natural mineral but then that\'s why I say it tastes literally like liquid nothingness.  It isn\'t laden with minerals which sway the taste of water even though they\'re healthy for us.  I\'ll just have to get my minerals some other way.  Leave my water crystal clear please.  Can\'t believe its finally available online minus the typical $56+ in shipping fees. haaalayleuyah.  Now I can actually gift it even to people in parts of the country who have never heard of this water let alone can\'t lug the 40lb box from a store to their homes far away.  UPDATE Issues with Packing.  Every box I get from Amazon of this product is a crushed box mess.  Interior Volvic box is busted open and in my last order even a bottle was missing.  So check your count when you get it.  Amazon needs to improve how they pack beverages.  That seems to be where if any you will get bashed or broken items.  Bottle liquids are heavy, that\'s why so many stores won\'t sell case sizes online.  Since Amazon is they needs to step up and not use free-post-office type weak cheap board boxes but mover quality high burst strength boxes instead.  That\'s what glass or weighty liquids require and that\'s all there is to it.  Take a lesson from some of the online liquor sources.  They Pack Right.', 'I never thought I\'d describe any beverage as being "beautiful", but it\'s the first word that came to mind. It fits.  A GARDEN OF FRAGRANCE AND FLAVOR  This tea is so enchantingly fragranced, I feel I could put a few bags in my drawers as sachets! It\'s a strong scent with a correspondingly strong flavor. I have 1 tea bag steeped in 16 oz of water, twice the recommended 8 oz, and it\'s so perfectly flavored, I can\'t imagine what it would be like concentrated in just 8 ounces.  But don\'t get me wrong. I LOVE this flavor. It reminds me of something from childhood but I don\'t know what, and every sip I take makes me more comfortable and content. It\'s an unmistakeable floral flavor, with the slightest hint of something spicy in the smooth aftertaste. It\'s a great springtime flavor. I think it would be very fun for little girls\' tea parties, with a nap to follow.  REST AND RELAX WITH ROSES & MORE  Ah yes, a nap. I love naps!  This tea is named "Rest" because it\'s a naturally caffeine-free herbal tea featuring, among other herbs, Valerian Root, a gentle sleep aid that\'s been used for centuries. I have to be careful not to drink *too* much of it in the daytime, though fortunately I already take a delicious afternoon nap almost every day, now preceeded by a cup of tea with a bit of reading. I have begun to notice a definite improvement in my overnight sleep and I fall asleep must quicker when I drink this tea at bedtime. I used to have a terrible time falling asleep at night due to arthritis pain and anxiety, even with prescriptions like Opana, Lunesta, and Clonazepam. But this tea!  What a pleasant way to take (doctor approved) herbal supplements - that work!  PAIN MANAGEMENT?! - THROUGH "RES\'TEA\'iNG"  A good night\'s sleep and lots of rest are incredibly helpful for reducing arthritis pain. So this tea has turned out to be a great help for me as I suffer from severe Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis, which I\'ve had for 29 years, since I was age 3. In that time, it has done a number on all the joints in my body, and the damage severely limits mobility and cause serious tormenting pain. It\'s gotten very difficult to control in the last few years, so any little thing that improves my comfort level is enthusiastically embraced. (in fact, if you\'re reading this and have any suggestions, helpful tops or tricks for living with RA, please leave a comment!)  But i am getting off topic. You see, originally I didn\'t buy this tea for use as a sleep aid, or to help me with JRA. I bought this tea because I LOVE ROSES! And this tea delivers!!  A SIMPLE, REFRESHING WAY TO ENJOY YOUR TEA  I am at this moment drinking my tea cold, by an unusual and very easy method. I stick a Tazo bag in a bottle of water (by folding it in half) and let it steep, then shake up the bottle and drink. I leave the teabag inside because it won\'t easily come back out. No matter, because it makes for a fun, flavorful, cool drink to chill with. Possibly leading to a nap ;) Plus I always refill the bottle once to get the most out of the teabag (and the bottle!) Then, if I can, I pull the teabag out (by then indeed I often can) and can recycle the bottle. I have a nice little routine going strong!  I just now made sure to order the 6-pack offered by Amazon with Amazon Prime, so in a few days I\'ll have 6 boxes of Rest tea - 96 teabags! Enough for now . . . ;)', "I LOVE TEA. Ever since I've been trying to cut coffee out of my diet completely (cause of teeth coloring), I started to drink at least 3-4 cups in the morning to rehydrate and get my caffeine kick, and 3-4 more cups throughout the rest of the day. That being said, I never previously found a tea mixture that I could drink for more than 3 days in a row at a time.  I've been on a life long hunt for a tea that's a little fruity without extra calories, actually tastes a little fruity, smells/tastes delicious, and gives me a slight caffeine kick.  Now, before I go onto my rave about my love for this tea, this tea is not for everyone. If you're not really into the blueberry tasting thing, this is definitely not for you. My office smells like fruity blueberriness when I make this tea (luckily my coworkers don't mind it and enjoy it).  I previously tried other fruity teas but found they 1) didn't taste like the fruit even in the slightest bit, 2) only had an amazing scent but no amazing taste, or 3) had some taste of the fruit but left an awful bitter taste in my mouth.  In. comes. Yogi's Green Tea Blueberry Slim Tea. I have to be honest. I did not buy this for the slimming effects. I bought it for the promise of the blueberry taste. This is the only tea that fits exactly what I was looking for. I bought this 6 pack thing and zoomed through it within 2.5 months flat. Yikes. And this was with me doing my best to not use more than 3 tea bags a day (several times I broke and went through 5 a day :[[[ ). I loved it that much. Still love it. I've been trying other teas that promise the blueberry taste, but I find others are not as smooth as Yogi's.", 'I have to admit that I did not expect this "Biscuits and Gravy" to work. How could you possibly have a biscuit in a pouch to which you add water? Well, I was very pleasantly surprised by how good this meal was. The little squares of biscuit still had a bit of crunch to them, sort of like toasted bread cubes, except they tasted like biscuits. Not only that, but the bag is chock full of biscuits, so there is crunch in every spoonful.  1.  Plus - This tastes very good.  Though I was testing it in my kitchen, I poured the boiling water right into the pouch as I would if I were camping.  2.  Minus  As with most prepared foods, this has a lot of sodium, the most of the three Mountain House meals that I\'ve tried to date. One cup of the prepared Biscuits and Gray has 900 mg of sodium. A whole bag, which is 2 cups, has a 1800 mg. Compare this to the Mountain House Chicken Fried Rice, which has 1500 mg of sodium in a 2  cup bag.  To quote the Mayo Clinic\'s website: "The Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend limiting sodium to less than 2,300 mg a day  or 1,500 mg if you\'re age 51 or older, or if you are black, or if you have high blood pressure, diabetes or chronic kidney disease."  3.  Plus  Ease of preparation is excellent. Just pour boiling water into the pouch and stir. Seal the pouch (it has a zip-lock closure), wait 12-14 minutes, open and eat.  4.  Minus  - As with most emergency foods I\'m testing, you need not only potable water but very hot potable water.  5.  Plus  If you\'re in an emergency and counting on your stored food, this seems like a good option. This has 310 calories per cup to give you energy. If you were counting on this for all your food in a stressful situation, it is has a little more fat than some other Mountain House foods, and zero of it is trans fat. It also has a little less protein. In one cup, 14 g fat, 36 g carbs, 8 g protein  6.  Plus  Long shelf life. The bag of Biscuits & Gravy I just purchased has a use-by date of November 2027.  Contains milk, soy and wheat.  My interest in Mountain House foods comes from the aspect of emergency preparedness, not camping. Articles I\'ve read recommend that you have a minimum of 1-3 months water and food. A good choice for our emergency supplies because it is different from the usual.  Happy Reader', 'I use steel oats all the time.  Amazon provides the best price I can find anywhere.  I make an oatmeal using my slow cooker that both my husband and I love.  I am including it below for anyone that wants to try this.  Let me emphasize that despite the fact the recipe says cook overnight, I have found that everytime, it takes 3 to 3 1/2 hours to complete.  Initiall I thought it was my slow cooker and I bought a new one.  Same thing. PLEASE READ MY NOTE BELOW. Therefore I suggest that if you are going to try this, do it while awake.  What I do is make the oatmeal and then put it into individual serving size bowls and refrigerate.  When we want it, I heat each bowl (covered) for one minute, stir and heat for one more.  Breakfast is ready!  Ingredients: 1 cup steel cut oats 3 1/2 cups Almond Milk (or milk of your choice) 1 cup peeled and chopped apple 1/2 cup chopped nuts (walnuts, Pecans or almonds) 2 tablespoons butter 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract Directions: 1. Spray the inside of your crock pot with PAM.  Place the milk, cinnamon and brown sugar and whisk to blend.  Add the apples, butter and nuts and whisk again.  Finally add the steel cut oats and stir once more.  Cover the cooker, set to Low, and allow to cook 6 to 7 hours (for firm oats) or 8 hours (for softer texture).  Please read my note below:  I have tried this recipe several times and it is excellent.  The only thing is that in my slow cooker , on low temperature, this is done in four (4) hours.  Therefore, I prepare this during the day; not overnight, and I just store it in a bowl (covered) and when ready we portion it out and reheat in the microwave.  YUMMY!  Sandra Kohn', 'BUYER BEWARE: 1) The picture shows a plastic bag containing 12 smaller bags of chips.  WHAT I RECIEVED (mailed from London) was a cardboard box with 12 small bags of chips inside of it.  MOST of the bags are clearly labeled with a yellow band and red text which reads "MULTIPACK BAG NOT TO BE SOLD SEPARATELY", however the bags of "Ready Salted" did not have the multipack warning, and were 32.5g bags, compared to the 25g size of the other bags. 2) Other reviewers have stated that their packages were missing a flavor.  I got all 4 flavors but something dodgy might be going on.  WHAT YOU GET: 3x CHEESE AND ONION - Imagine a FUNYUM flavored potato chip with a cheese dusting. 3 x READY SALTED - AKA "plain" potato chips.  These seem to maybe have a bit less salt than most American types. The winners of the bunch, for me. 3 x SALT & VINEGAR - "With real British vinegar" it says on the bag.  No major difference from others I have tasted. 3x PRAWN COCKTAIL - Not as much "wow" as I expected. Imagine the above \'salt & vinegar\' chips with a bit of tomato dusting.  More "cocktail sauce" than anything else, there is nothing prawn flavored here, and none listed under ingredients unless it is hidden in "Flavouring".  These are interesting to pass around among friends and family, but I would shop around for a better bargain.  The chips themselves were of good quality, fresh and interesting flavors.  earn 5 stars The wonky delivery service and possible shady dealings by BritishMart earn 2 stars. OVERALL 3 stars but not the fault of Walkers Crisps!', 'I had first tried Give Energy - Mojito Grapefruit at my local health food hangout, and I was hooked. Unfortunately for them, they only sold it in single cans, so Amazon got my money. Anyhow, I know my way around energy drinks, and one of the measurements I use is "can it get me past two o\'clock"? Most energy drinks fizzle out around noon (Arizona Health Tonic, here\'s looking at you); the ones that last are a little dangerous -- Monster Energy Mean Bean/Kona, NOS, and Full Throttle. Monster Energy leaves me with "payback" if I drink it two days in a row; NOS can make me twitchy; Full Throttle makes my irises twitch. The last one is downright scary and as a result, I don\'t drink it any longer (I suspect it is the combination of D-ribose and caffeine). Now, it should go without saying that the drink must not only work, but taste good! The original Rock Star, Monster Energy, and Red Bull drinks are not even contenders because of their taste.  Enter Give Energy. First, it tastes good. If you\'ve ever had a mojito, you\'ll recognize the taste. Now, it won\'t taste like a mojito you get at a good Mexican restaurant, but the vital combination of citrus and mint is here and the two balance one another out overall. Sometimes you taste more of the grapefruit; other times you taste more of the mint. Second, it works -- it gets me past the two o\'clock crash. The energy you get is a clean, stimulant, awake and aware effect, with a gradual fade out and not a crash. I\'ve found that if I have one in the morning after working out, and if I work out in the evening, then I\'m good for the day. Consuming it this way doesn\'t interfere with your sleep, either. Finally, I felt like I got a good deal. Compare the price of this to a Monster Energy Mean Bean 12-pack and see what I mean.  So all in all, Give Energy does the job, tastes good, can be consumed regularly, and has a great price. I would try a can before ordering the twelve-pack, though, just to make sure you like it first.', 'These things are great if you are trying to avoid sugar yet are not overly crazy about drinking plain bottled water.  I like all the flavors in this assortment except the mango one.  Now I know not to buy the variety pack next time and will only get the flavor(s) I like.  Each flavor comes with ten "straws" of powdered Crystal Light sugar free for a total of 40 packets!  And, I can assure you - a little goes a long way with these, so you\'ll actually get 80 to 120 bottles of flavored Crystal Light out of the variety pack if you use them like I do.  What I do is I only empty about 1/3 of the powder into my bottled water, cap it and shake it well, and "Voila!"  I fold over the little package and just place it back in the box for another time.  I did use an entire packet on my first bottle and WOWZA -- talk about SWEET!!  I consider myself to have a sweet tooth and was drinking a LOT of sugary soft drinks each day until my doctor told me I am borderline diabetic!!  He ordered me to STOP drinking soda immediately, so I was on a mission to find some alternative that I liked to fill that void.  The caffeine in these Crystal Light mixes is a nice feature, in my opinion.  I really had little difficulty switching from sugary soda to this sugar-free alternative.  And I am already feeling less sluggish and have noticed my pants are a bit looser in the waist since cutting soda out of my daily routine!!  My advice is to TRY only using half a packet, or only 1/3, and taste to see if you like it.  If you want a stronger flavor, dump the whole packet into your 16 oz bottle of water!  If it\'s too strong, play "Dr. Jekyll" and try mixing different amounts until you discover what works for you.  I am VERY pleased with these, and will most definitely be re-stocking mine soon.', 'Medaglia Doro Instant Espresso is a brand I keep in my cupboard. I rarely use it for drinks, but I do use it for any recipe that contains coffee. My favorite recipe is tiramisu, and I need a cup of this coffee for dipping the ladyfingers. It adds the exact amount of coffee flavor and if you add coffee liquor than you are one step ahead. I will include my favorite tiramisu recipe, excellent for the holidays.  Author: Chef Dennis Littley Recipe type: Dessert Cuisine: Italian Serves: 9 Ingredients 6 egg yolks 1 cup sugar 1 cup mascarpone cheese 1 cup heavy whipping cream 2 -7oz packages Italian Lady fingers 1 cup cold espresso  cup coffee flavored Liqueur (optional) 1 tbsp cocoa for dusting Instructions Combine egg yolks and sugar in the top of a double boiler, over boiling water. Reduce heat to low, and cook for about 10 minutes, stirring constantly. This is your sabayon, remove from the heat and whip yolks until thick and lemon colored. Add Mascarpone to whipped yolks, beat until combined. In a separate bowl, whip cream to stiff peaks. Gently fold the whipped cream in the mascarpone sabayon mixture and set aside. Mix the cold espresso with the coffee liquor and dip the lady fingers into the mixture just long enough to get them wet, do not soak them! Arrange the lady fingers in the bottom of a 9 inch square baking dish (or container similarly sized) Spoon half the mascarpone cream filling over the lady fingers. Repeat process with another layer of lady fingers and cream. Refrigerate 4 hours or overnight. Dust with cocoa before serving  Expect raves for this dessert.  Recommended. prisrob 12-06-15', 'Vegan. Natural. Kosher. Wheat free. Made with organic brown rice flour. [23% of total ingredients.] Very soft coconut cookies. The coconut is quite finely ground, so not chewy. Coconut flavor is very prominent. Chocolate chip flavor note is subtle. Reminds me of baked goods I\'ve enjoyed in Hawaii. Good accompaniment with tea or orange or tropical fruit juices. Coconut cookies, including these, tend to be less moist. A great choice for those who like coconut flavor treats and those looking for wheat free vegan goodies. Five stars for tropical coconut fans, 4.5 overall. 120 calories per cookie. 9 cookies per box. Kosher "D" from processing on shared equipment. This review is out there for those for whom this makes a difference. See all of my reviews and the vegancompassion Profile for more great choices. Check out "Vegan Grocery Favorites" and "Vegan Grocery Top Ten" & all the other helpful "Vegan Grocery" Listmania. Your input counts and will be greatly appreciated to benefit the search of others. Thank you.', "Product: Numi Organic Tea Gunpowder Green (16 oz)  I've tried several other popular bulk brands of gunpowder tea from both China and Japan, and many of them brewed up too murky/dusty and/or oxidized to varying degrees.  Loose perls almost always have a better flavor and longer shelf life than bagged versions (which are basically single servings of tea dust, often oxidized), however as in all things, there are many levels of quality and you generally get what you pay for.  This particular brand of gunpowder tea is far above average, and offers a lot of bang for the buck: > Consistently fresh (not oxidized like many cheaper bulk varieties). > Air-proof packaging. > Nice tight 'perls', with minimal breakage and minimal tea dust. > Organically grown.  It brews up a very clean clear pale chartreuse color (with only a trace of fine sediment), with a flavorful and gently herbaceous edge that's not too bitter (provided you don't brew it too long or too strong), and it can be enjoyed hot or cold, and with or without condiments.  In my household, we mostly lean towards plain and unadorned, but sometimes switch to a little honey with either milk or lemon.  Note: Although FAR less dusty than most, a small trace of fine sediment is unavoidable when brewing ALL loose teas, and this one is no exception.  The small traces of sediment that appears in the bottom of the pitcher after straining is normal and doesnt affect flavor.  However, if you're a stickler for pristine appearance (say, for a dinner party), you can easily run the strained tea though a paper coffee filter to obtain a perfectly clear appearance.  Recommended.  Brewing instructions (for 1/2 gal): If I'm brewing several days worth just for myself, I'll fill a 3 qt stainless steel sauce pan with just over 2 qts water, heat it to 180F on my induction plate (about 6-7 mins), turn off the heat, then add 1/4 cup of tea pearls and let it steep for exactly 3 mins.  Then I'll pour it though a small fine mesh conical strainer into a pyrex pitcher and refrigerate it for up to a week.  Anytime I want some, I'll pour it straight from the fridge and drink it straight (cold) or briefly reheat it to tepid in a microwave safe mug.", "This is now my third re-order.  Lived in the UK for many years so know great Scottish and Irish cured salmon. To order the same quantity (2-4. 8 ounce packs) of smoked salmon from another merchant I have done business with in the past would have cost double, including shipping, so decided to initially give this a try.  Yes, this is farmed raised. BUT, unless you are ordering Scottish smoked salmon directly from Scotland (and paying huge shipping costs) you will not find wild salmon anywhere, anymore. Last time I had wild, was when living in Cornwall, UK and local fish monger purchased right off the boats and sent down the quay to the local smoke house. My guess is, today, probably 80% of all salmon from Scotland is farm raised.  The salmon is wonderful, can't recommend too highly. Only, one minor negative, slices are not separated with waxed paper. Just make sure to bring up to near room temperature to make separating easier.  Strongly suggest paying extra for one or two day expedited shipping as with 2 packs it adds very little to the total cost. Remove from shipping box immediately on receipt and either refrigerate for immediate (7-10 days) use, or just pop in the freezer for use within the next 2-6 months ( don't recommend freezing for longer).  Best order value I have found is 4 packs= 2 pounds total, with absolute fastest shipping. Total cost with shipping comes to about $50 a pound, which is very reasonable.  IMPORTANT NOTE!  Don't wait too long when this salmon becomes available. Once Amazon runs out, it can be several months before it becomes available again. If they are out of stock, fill out the notification so you'll be notified when next shipment arrives.  Lastly. When I used to dine occasionally ant the old Riverfront dining room at the Savoy Hotel in London they would bring a small complimentary appetizer as follows.  Mix some cream cheese with finally chopped chives. Spread thinly over a slice of the salmon that has been cut in half crosswise. Roll the half slice, and serve.", 'For a long time now, I\'ve been too trusting and nave when it comes to buying tuna. The truth is: the lion\'s share of "tuna" available in the U.S. today is really escolar, a fish that many call toxic. In reality, escolar is not exactly toxic, but if eaten in amounts more than about six ounces at a time, it will very likely lead to a bad case of stomach cramps and diarrhea. The problem with escolar is that the fish contains a large amount of indigestible waxy compounds; these compounds make the fish taste as if it contained a lot of natural fish oils, but the gut cannot digest these waxy, oil-like molecules and they pass through the body quickly...in many cases, far too quickly! Escolar is a lot cheaper and more plentiful than real albacore tuna, and that\'s why it\'s taken the place of tuna in fish markets, grocery stores, and restaurants. Even highly priced sushi-grade tuna is, more often than not, escolar.  Are we all the victims of false advertising? No, federal food laws allow escolar to be sold under various misleading names including white tuna and solid white tuna.  So what can you do to make certain that you are not eating escolar? Well, one solution is to buy American Tuna MSC Certified Sustainable Caught Albacore Tuna. I tried it and I am thoroughly sold on the product! I\'ll never go back to buying fraudulent escolar "tuna" again.  From the first moment I opened the can of American Tuna, I knew that this was the real stuff...the one that I was used to eating in my youth more than forty-five years ago. It smelled better. It tasted better. It flaked better. And to top it off, it make me feel good about my purchase because it was genuine MSC (Marine Stewardship Council) sustainably caught albacore tuna.  What does that mean? It means that the fishery meets the strict environmental standards set by the MSC and the fish are harvested in a sustainable and well-managed fishery. For me, it just means I\'m being a caretaker of the ocean and its inhabitants rather than a plunderer.  But it really gets back to taste; that\'s the critical factor. I did a taste comparison. I still had a can of the store-bought brand "solid white tuna" on hand. So I opened both cans--the American Tuna, and the "solid white tuna" (escolar)--and compared the two. I added the usual ingredients I use to make a tasty tuna salad (olive oil, diced onion, salt, lemon juice, capers, mayonnaise) and tried the two side-by-side. There was no comparison: the American Tuna was far superior in flavor. I ended up throwing away the other one, even though I ended up wasting good olive oil and capers in the process.  [Tip: be sure not to throw away the liquor in the can with the American Tuna; it is nutritional gold and good tasting, too...just add it back into your recipe and the flaked tuna will absorb it nicely.]  In the future I will probably buy this product at a specialty store not too far from my home. There, American Tuna sells for about a dollar cheaper per can  than I can get it here. But if you cannot find a local dealer for this tuna, then it is worth your money to buy it here online.', 'I\'d heard about this on triple D and a few other places, and thought, "Well, if they\'re ranting THIS MUCH, it must be GREAT." Nah.  Used it on chicken TWICE (the reviews I\'d read slobbered all over how good it was supposed to be with chicken), and it SUCKED. Not that it was nauseating, it just had no flavor at all. We have a pretty broad palate--like all kinds of foods--but this had  no real flavor profile at all. I\'ve read it described as \'lemony\', etc.: don\'t you believe it. I loaded the food up with lemon and this stuff, and it pretty much...just lay there.  Frankly: we grew up poor and couldn\'t afford too many spices or extras, and my mom\'s roast chicken with JUST salt, pepper and butter rocked WAAAAAAAAY more than this. Save your money is my instinct. I still plan to try it mixed with some other herbs, so I\'ll update, and hopefully find a recipe or two that is worth the investment.  The company DOES give you a LOT for your money, in the way of sheer amount of the spice that they send you. I\'d be very open to anyone here who wanted to send me recipes or ways to use it that might change my initial impression. So look out for future updates.  UPDATE: OK, I\'m finally getting around to updating this, now that I\'ve had time to try some of the suggestions of the kind commenters below. I like it pretty well now that I\'ve tried it mixed with a few other herbs and especially on flat bread. It\'s killer with flat bread dipped in fresh garlic lightly saute\'d in butter, then mixed with the sumac and some Mexican oregano (try it: you\'ll never use any other kind of oregano again--I used to HATE oregano, now I use the Mex. kind all the time). So I\'ve upgraded to a four star on my review. Once you know how to use a spice, it makes all the difference. Just don\'t follow the recipe on the bag...And thanks to everyone below who took the time to leave me so much info. I\'m still working my way through the suggestions! Happy holidays to you all as well!  :-)']
['super disappinted with this one. love the color. sadly i just can\'t get it to apply nicely. once i finally got it looking nice, as soon as i put it under the lamp, it withered up. it looked like when you get a fingerprint on tacky polish -- but nothing had touched it. boo! no idea what caused this. i had read others mention "shrinking" - maybe that\'s what it is. i also notice a little bit of clumpiness during application.  am presently soaking off hence no caps as i am irritably typing one handed.  UPDATE-- applied Hollywood after. It worked like a charm. No idea what the story is with the Fedora, but I hope they fix it, because I love the color. As expected, the color\'s similiar to OPI My Private Jet. Please fix it CND!!', "I love tea, but Oolong tea has been one of my favorites for two decades.  That said, I have tried many over the years.  They are not created equal. Not in taste, strength, or fragrance. It's up to each individual to find the brew that they prefer.  Oolong tea is a product of the Camellia sinesis plant -- buds, leaves and stems.  The same plant used for black and green teas, but the processing is what renders the end product, making a significant difference.  Prince of Peace tea is organic (a plus) blending black tea, for richer taste,  with green tea for the well known health benefits.  Caffeine is approximately 30-40 mg per cup, with a cup of coffee significantly more.  I find the this tea to be on the milder side and I prefer stronger tea flavor.  But, I have been very happy using two tea bags per cup and it still remains cost effective.  I sweeten my tea with a little honey and find this particular blend divine.  Oolong tea has significant touted health benefits, many not well researched.  However, many believe it helps with weight management,  and there are some sites that propose it even lessens the risk of cancer, all the way to protecting dental health.  All good things, but I don't particularly care, if I don't like the product, and I like this one.  Remember that everything is to be taken in moderation.  Even the healthy benefits of tea.  Over consumption may cause difficulties related to too much caffeine.  And there is some evidence that it can flush calcium, so you may need to limit intake to three cups, or less per day, if you have osteoporosis.  Just read interactions and contraindications for all items that you regularly partake of, just to be on the safe side.  I visited the seller's website.  I was moved by the Prince of Peace world relief efforts and the orphanage they oversee, serving over 100 orphan children.  Their efforts to serve their customers and those in need appear truly honorable.  I'm happy to support their cause with my purchases.", 'Happy to received this at my doorstep.  I decided to give this a go as I want sweet flavor but not all those carbs.  the bag is... Well, it is "small/thin" compared to a bag of sugar in the store.  It is a very fine powder.  Does it really taste like sugar?? **. Not 100%... But is is Sweet and... I do not detect any of that after taste a lot of non-sugars leave behind. *** I dipped my finger in the bag first thing and tasted it.  Sweet!  No bitterness.  No after-taste.  So far so good!  I put it in my coffee and it does the job!', '****UPDATE****UPDATE**** So I just ordered my second batch of these. Since my first order, I thought I\'d try some other brands from local stores. I\'m hear to tell you - don\'t bother - they\'re disgusting! I purchased a ready-made and a powder you stir with hot water. They literally smelled like dried carcass. They smelled and tasted like an animal - gross gross gross. This Kitchen Basics brand is far superior. Tastes like regular broth and the price is way cheaper than what I paid in stores. This is my forever brand - done shopping around. ******MY FIRST REVIEW BELOW****** Heard about bone broth powder but I\'m not a huge smoothie drinker. I\'m trying to cut down on my sugars, even natural ones from fruit, yogurt and health bars.  I\'ll have a couple of hard-boiled eggs for lunch with a warm cup of this bone broth and it will keep my satiated for some time. I love the convenience of pouring this in a coffee cup and warming it up in the microwave for a minute. It\'s thicker than regular broth but don\'t think "thick" like it sounds - it\'s more dense. Where you can see the bottom of your cup with regular broth, you can\'t see it with this bone broth. So it\'s a bit heartier but not as salty which I like. In comparing the ingredients of this brand with others, I found this to be the most natural of the bone broths I researched, with less sodium as well.  The smell is a bit off-putting for me but I enjoy the taste so it\'s a win. I also read that bone broth has healing properties. I am on a probiotic daily but noticed after the first 3 days of starting this, I had the runs so it\'s possible that\'s true. I have since felt great.', "Titanium Dioxide Classified as Possibly Carcinogenic to Humans  Titanium dioxide has recently been classified by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) as an IARC Group 2B carcinogen ''possibly carcinogen to humans''. Titanium dioxide accounts for 70% of the total production volume of pigments worldwide. It is widely used to provide whiteness and opacity to products such as paints, plastics, papers, inks, foods, and toothpastes. It is also used in cosmetic and skin care products, and it is present in almost every sunblock, where it helps protect the skin from ultraviolet light.  With such widespread use of titanium dioxide, it is important to understand that the IARC conclusions are based on very specific evidence. This evidence showed that high concentrations of pigment-grade (powdered) and ultrafine titanium dioxide dust caused respiratory tract cancer in rats exposed by inhalation and intratracheal instillation*. The series of biological events or steps that produce the rat lung cancers (e.g. particle deposition, impaired lung clearance, cell injury, fibrosis, mutations and ultimately cancer) have also been seen in people working in dusty environments. Therefore, the observations of cancer in animals were considered, by IARC, as relevant to people doing jobs with exposures to titanium dioxide dust. For example, titanium dioxide production workers may be exposed to high dust concentrations during packing, milling, site cleaning and maintenance, if there are insufficient dust control measures in place. However, it should be noted that the human studies conducted so far do not suggest an association between occupational exposure to titanium dioxide and an increased risk for cancer.  The Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System (WHMIS) is Canada's hazard communication standard. The WHMIS Controlled Products Regulations require that chemicals, listed in Group 1 or Group 2 in the IARC Monographs on the Evaluation of the Carcinogenic Risk of Chemicals to Humans, be classified under WHMIS Class D2A (carcinogenic). The classification decision on titanium dioxide has been published on the IARC website and in a summary article published in The Lancet  Representatives from Health Canada (National Office of WHMIS) recently consulted with the Quebec CSST and CCOHS (the two main agencies providing WHMIS classifications to the public) regarding the implications of the IARC decision to the WHMIS classification of titanium dioxide. It was agreed that titanium dioxide does now meet the criteria for WHMIS D2A (carcinogen) based on the information released by IARC to date, and that it is not necessary to wait for release of the full monograph.  Manufacturers and suppliers of titanium dioxide are advised to review and update their material safety data sheets and product labels based on this new information as soon as possible. Employers should review their occupational hygiene programs to ensure that exposure to titanium dioxide dust is eliminated or reduced to the minimum possible. Workers should be educated concerning this potential newly recognized risk to their health and trained in proper work procedures.  * Intratracheal administration is an exposure procedure that introduces the material directly into the lungs via the trachea, bypassing protective mechanisms in the respiratory system.  More information:  International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC): Titanium dioxide (IARC Group 2B), Summary of data reported, Feb. 2006  Health Canada: Hazard-specific issues - substances assessed for carcinogenicity  Explanation of the IARC evaluations  Baan, R., et al. Carcinogenicity of carbon black, titanium dioxide, and talc. The Lancet Oncology. Vol. 7 (Apr. 2006). P. 295-296", "I have dry skin, brittle nails, and dry flyaway hair.  I bought this product after researching it's many health benefits and uses.  It's amazing.  It comes as a solid and as soon as you touch it it melts into clear oil.  So, I use a spoon to get out the amount I need so I don't taint the rest in the container.  A little goes along way.  The first day I got it around 2 in the afternoon.  I had some eye problems (allergies, mild conjunctivitis, not sure what it was), so I put the oil under my eyes --to see what it would do to my wrinkles.  For one, it appeared to reduce the severity of them right away.  Then later that night I noticed my eyes weren't red and itchy and filmy anymore.  This could be coincidence but I don't think so.  I also put the oil on my callused feet before bed, put some socks on so I could walk around without oiling my floor, then took them off and went to bed.  Did this just one time and my feet are still soft as a baby's butt.  So many more positive things I could list but don't want to take up space here. Bottom line, This is a great product.  I recommend it.", 'I for one like that they\'re smaller--It\'s by weight, not by lollipop, and if you really want you can have more than one anyways. Who wants their kids eating such big candies anyways? The flavors tend to be hit or miss.  Pomegranate Pucker tasted like cough syrup, Too Berry Blueberry tasted exactly like blueberry, with a hint of creaminess. Mango Tango tasted like dehydrated mango pieces that they put in organic cereal--it tasted stale, like dried mango that has been on the shelf for far too long. Strawberry Smash tasted like strawberry Fig Newtons which if you haven\'t had before don\'t really taste like strawberries. On the plus side, Very Cherry tasted like any other cherry lollipop, Sour Apple tasted like a fresh pear (probably sweetened with pear juice) and Wet Face Watermelon comes close to Jolly Rancher\'s watermelon with a slightly muddled flavor that isn\'t as crisp as Jolly Rancher\'s.  I\'ve gone through the entire bag and sorted them to find out approx how many of each there are in the bag. Note that I didn\'t count each one (sorting them took long enough as it were).  Sour Apple Tart- 25%> Very Very Cherry- 20%< Strawberry Smash- 20%> Pomegranate Pucker: 10%> Mango Tango: 10%< Wet Face Watermelon-10%> Too Berry Blueberry: 4%< Googly Grape:1%> Blood Orange Cocktail- 0%  I\'m not sure why I didn\'t get any Blood Orange Cocktails but the following flavors seem to have been discontinued and will not be included in future bags (unless you get an older bag)  Googly Grape (being phased out, only got 8 in the entire bag--tasted like any other grape candy) Mango Tango Ginger Zest Cheeky Lemon  Star for Star explanation: +1* for organic ingredients +1* for invested founders +1* for cherry, apple (just call it pear!) and watermelon flavors -1* for mango and pomegranate -1* because premium gourmet lollipops still take the cake in terms of flavor. It\'s hard to beat the cherry/strawberry/blueberry cheesecake and raspberry lemonade flavors other brands offer.  Looks like most of the grosser flavors like pomegranate are going to the neighborhood kids this halloween. The best part of these is that they don\'t splinter or cut your tongue like a razor blade and don\'t leave a chemical aftertaste that some lollies do. Hopefully my kid nieces will enjoy these tremendously, as they\'re the ones I originally bought them for.  Notes to the founders of Yummy Earth:  I\'d like to mention that the naming of Wet Face watermelon is very unfortunate as it reminds me of an offensive racial slur in case the owners of the company happen to come across this review.  I\'d love to see the following flavors added to the line: cinnamon, lemon and a true sour green apple (add a citric acid to the apple recipe). Keep pear and reintroduce it as "Perfectly Pear", or whatever wacky name you guys like. Create a cheesecake line and I\'ll single handedly keep you in business!  Now if you excuse me, I\'m going to brush my teeth furiously and eat some saltines to calm my stomach after taste testing everything.', 'I originally bought this mix to keep around the house for when our daughter visits. She has a problem with gluten and stays away from wheat products. This mix allowed me to make her pancakes when she came up.  It turned out that I liked the mix so much, I use it in a lot of other baking occasions. The pancakes from this mix are better than a wheat-based pancake. I modify the recipe a little bit because I like to use buttermilk instead of the water called for on the box. Also, I have to use a lot more liquid as this mix really soaks up the liquid and can be too stiff using the same amount of liquid as the dry mix. . Basically, you mix eggs,oil, and buttermilk with the mix and voila - great pancakes. I use it as a thickener - like when I make a cobbler and my fruit is runny - a tablespoon or two in the fruit and it sets up nicely when baking. I also use it with oats in the topping of my crisp. A tablespoon or two with the oats along with brown sugar and butter makes a nice topping. When making muffins, if the recipe calls for 2 cups of flour, I use 1 cup of flour and 1 cup of this mix and my muffins turn out great and have great flavor.  I now order the 4-package deal that Amazon has. The price per package is better than I can find locally at the store. By ordering the product that comes with 4 bags, I can give my daughter a bag and use the others here at home. This is a very versatile mix that tastes great and has a nice texture in anything you bake.', 'I absolutely love this company! I am a person with multiple food allergies. This product just uses black beans and water. Gluten free anyone?  Texture: Has a more even texture compared to Tolerant Black Bean Noodles. It is a more "meaty" al dente pasta which does not break down easily when boiled. I followed the instructions on cooking to 7-8mins which came out perfect. The pasta did not break down when re heated on the stove. Just a little drop of oil and stir to heat up again. It also did not stick together like glass noodles.  Fullness: Please use the serving size recommended. In my joy I ate 2 servings when I should have stuck with one. Not a good idea as I was beyond full. This pasta has monster amounts protein which help fill you up. I even use it on my no meat day to sub meat. I think the bag makes 4 servings so it is a good amount of pasta in your plate for a serving.  Taste: It does not taste like beans beans (the one we all know and love when mom makes it). It has a mild flavor, not quite earthy, but it does enhance the ingredients you place in the pasta. I made my meat sauce and placed it with glass noodles and this one. Glass noodles just completely distracted the dish as it had no flavor of its own. The black bean pasta just gave the dish a more ..... savory? .... not quite sure what\'s the word. It just made it taste better.  Would I buy and recommend it: Heck to the yes!  Even recommend the mung bean pasta this company makes if you want a strong meaty texture (great for vegans).', "This oven was a replacement for it's predecessor we had for over 10 years.  When that one died I looked for a a new model that was close to the same as we really liked our old Panasonic. Newer models have replaced the keyboard with a dial that seemed pretty funky to me and some reviewers.  Then I hit on this one.  1250 watts, same as my old one..and a keyboard.  Reviews were mainly good.  This review is early so can't speak to longevity but after a couple days I have put it through it's paces.  First I found how much more quickly it cooks familiar items than the old one.  It also has some new functions and the old function of reheating and cooking by sensor.  I did not use that on the old one as I found it never did the job right.  Better by trial and error with the timer. This one didn't do any better on things I have tried.  But I am enjoying the power that had diminished over the years on my old one and the unit is sleek and good looking in our kitchen.  I hope it will have at least have as long a life as the old one but I also understand most of the new stuff is designed otherwise.  We'll see.", 'I used these last night to wind two springs on the garage door.  I followed the advice to always work to the side, and to insert the rod to a winding hole to use as a guide to know each and every time that it is inserted to the full depth.  If you wanted to get real fancy, you could paint the outer-most ends a red color after you put the tape on, then take the tape off.  If red shows, the rod isn\'t in far enough.  I did this after-the-fact just now in case there is a next time because it seems like a good idea. Took about 3 minutes to paint the 4 ends. These rods are sturdy enough, not bending, and only took about 8-10 pounds force pushing upwards at the end at the final 90 degree pushes. They were not too tight, and look about 1mm (0.040") diameter clearance to the winding holes.  (I don\'t have calipers at home to measure that close). The winding process took about 4-5 minutes per side. I had locked a vice grip on the shaft to keep it from turning round and round unexpectedly.  When I tightened the winding cone screws, the wrench started turning a bit downward as if the springs were trying to the lift the door.  Seemed about right.  The rods have a small estimated 1mm x 45 degree lead chamfer on both ends to help seat into the hole on the winding.  I couldn\'t imagine not having good rods after doing this job that could be a major safety dilemma if you used the wrong tools.', '<div id="video-block-R1JTXG92142VY" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/F1Jq5KgbvgS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81BXGy-YvoS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I apologize in advance for the ~10-minute video, but I could talk all day about this product.  I think it is a phenomenal value right now compared to other products on the market.  I had to cut about 10 minutes out of the video just to get it down to size, so parts may seem a bit choppy, but hopefully it gets the information across.  A good chunk of it (the second part of the video) is showing off the free FLIR Tools software that you can use with photos from the ONE - and that software is something that helps FLIR blow away the similarly priced Seek Thermal imager.  The video covers almost everything that I wanted to point out, but I had to remove some things to get it down to size, so below are some highlights and additional details.  * CHECK COMPATIBILITY BEFORE YOU BUY * - I highly recommend that you go to the app store for your phone/tablet (iOS or Android) and check if you can download the software.  Some of my phones will, but some won\'t.  It doesn\'t seem related to Android version, either, but rather the phones themselves.  I bought the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Seek-Compact-Thermal-Imager-for-Android/dp/B00NYWAHHM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Seek Compact Thermal Imager for Android</a>&nbsp;in January 2015 for about $230, and I got FLIR\'s C2 camera last year (currently costs about $700), and I\'m going to make comparisons to both of those.  For $250 for the ONE right now, it is by far the best value out there, IMO.  In a nutshell, this device lets you view the temperature of objects using your phone or tablet.  Many thermal imagers on the market cost far more than the ONE.  Most have additional resolution and capability, but a lot of us don\'t need that for how we\'d use one of these devices.  For checking your home for insulation leaks, or looking for hot spots in a stack of electronic gear, imagers like this are just great.  Here\'s why I think this is the best value out there: (*) Thermal and Visual cameras included and used with MSX to give you an easy to interpret thermal image.  Seek Thermal lets you do side-by-side images using their thermal camera and your devices visual camera, but it\'s just not the same.  When looking at a bunch of objects that are nearly the same temperature, it can really help to have the visual image overlaid on top to show the outlines of things (*) Works with FLIR Tools free software.  This is HUGE.  Those tools let you post-process your images in several ways (my video only shows a few things), and they are available on Mac and PC.  The PC version lets you add spots and other measuring tools that don\'t work with the ONE images on the Mac.  Other than that, both versions are very capable (*) Can do images and videos, but the C2 camera can only do images.  However, videos may be choppy depending on your phone (*) Offers similar capabilities (some better, some not quite as good) as FLIR\'s C2 camera...and the C2 is $700, versus $250 for the ONE.  As long as you have a phone or tablet that works with this, or are willing to buy one, this is a tremendous value.  I have a tablet that costs <$100 that works with the ONE (*) When attached to your phone/tablet, you can send the images over e-mail or whatever just like you\'d send any file to people.  For example, you could take thermal images on the job site, send them to the main office right away, and have your team send some post-processed images on to a client minutes later.  The C2 camera would require you to download images off of it first before you could send them using some other device, whereas this is super convenient  Here\'s what I wish they\'d done differently: (*) The ONE should have been made to run off your phone\'s battery if the internal battery runs out - then it actually would have been a design advantage over the Seek Thermal.  As it is, you have to remember to charge it.  If the ONE\'s battery is dead, well, you\'re out of luck (*) Swappable connectors.  I really think that they should have allowed users to swap out lightning and micro USB connectors on a common camera body.  Some of us have both types of phones, or have family members with the other type.  Even with a constant connector, they should have gone with a reversible micro USB design.  Those have been out for months now, and it would have allowed us to use these in either direction on our devices  Again, I could talk all day about this, so if you have any questions about the ONE, please feel free to leave a comment and I\'ll respond as quickly as I can.  Thanks!', 'Excellent quality !! Make sure to get the item number  #582772 in the original Hillman box, MADE IN THE USA! I performed the "Magnet TEST" and they passed with flying colors. Several other orders failed that test and the treads look week and not out of stainless steel. What am I trying to say? That NOT all stainless steel is created equal.  Update.......CAUTION !!!! ALLERT !!! 11/25/2016 I just received my third order of these HILLMAN snaps from the Magical Insanity Group and they are NOT STAINLESS STEEL like the other 2 orders I placed. The packaging was completely different and the product is absolutely and positively an inferior product NOT to be used on a boat that lives in saltwater !! Check these pictures out comparing the "REAL" HILLMAN product and the fake STAINLESS STEEL JUNK product! Pictures do not lie!! Can you tell the quality Hillman product from the fake? The magnet does not lie either!! CAREFUL WHERE YOU BUY IT and TEST IT!! This order is going back today!! Update: re-ordered the same product, but again, making sure it came from Amazon. The product came in a small box, marked Hillman..... and IT\'S THE REAL DEAL! Installed new carpeting on my Sea Ray and none of the snaps have shown any signs of rust.', "I am a 3d printing beginner and didn't want to spend much on my first printer.  I wasn't expecting much from the printer so my expectations weren't high.  I watched as many YouTube videos on setting up the printer as I could.  As soon as I got the printer I flashed the screen and rom as well as changed its settings according to the videos.  I didn't use the filament that came with the printer as there was very little of it.  I bought some Inland PLA filament here on Amazon and loaded that instead.  I started printing the included model of the cat and it came out great.  I started downloading .stl files from Thingiverse and printing them without issue (Using Cura to slice).  All was well and then my prints went to garbage.  I watched more 3d print videos and apparently my bed was out of level.  This is where the fun begins, NOT!  I thought I would have to send the machine back because it seemed no matter what technique I used to level the bed my prints were still garbage.  Finally I watched a video that suggested using a business card for each of the four corners (I had been using a piece of paper)... that did the trick.  After practice, I can level the bed in no time flat.  Again watch videos on leveling.  I also had to clear a filament jam which was interesting.. again, another video to watch.  I started playing with various bed temps as well as filament temps.  I bought other types of filament to see what worked the best.  Let me give you a heads up, if you are going to use ABS... Don't.  It's a headache.. doable but still a headache with all the things you need to do to get it to stick properly.  I did some ABS prints and they came out great but again.. a headache.  I also found that about middle of the road for temperature depending on what the filament calls for is what worked for me.  For PLA 60c (Edit: 40c is fine after the first layer) was perfect and for ABS I sliced whatever I was printing with the bed set to 60.  Once the print would start I would up the bed temp to 80c.  The bed would only get to around 78c.  For ABS to work I had also used an Elmer's glue stick on my blue 3m masking tape covered bed to get it to stick.  Again, stick with PLA.  Oh I failed to mention, when the initial masking tape comes off the bed plate which it will, you can cover it back up with 3M blue masking tape, the same kind you use when you paint.  Since I have played, I can pretty much tell by what I am printing what setting I should use.  I can only suggest that you play around and watch a lot of videos.  At this price and for a single spool of filament you should be having fun and learning.  I have since moved on from using Cura and am now using Simplify3d which is rather pricey but I really like it.  The small build plate is a challenge as a lot of models that you may want to print will be much bigger.  Scaling has its issues.  Trying to take off supports when the part of the model it is connected to can be tricky.  I included a picture of my latest print (Not sure why it shows up on Amazon sideways).  This had to be scaled down significantly from the original and lost some detail in regards to the terminator's hydraulics around the mouth and back of the head.  But if you want to print bigger, you are going to spend a lot more on a printer.  I am pushing this thing to its limits and I am coming out with some great prints.  I have also bought another 3d printer with a larger print bed but I will not give this one up for my smaller projects.", "I am a remediation and abatement contractor to put my planned use into context. I purchased this product to supplant my stainless steel cup brushes. I really like how well the stainless steel cup brushes work, but they are do have definite risks to work with. You're behind a power tool, pushing one of those into your work piece. Little bits of wire break off (!), they can puncture your fingers while you're handling or grasping them and generally become very fragile all of a sudden towards the end of their usable life. So I purchased this having read the details about the product and how it works (flexible bristles impregnated with abrasives).  First and foremost, because the bristles aren't as firm this product won't strip off rust from a stud frame wall nearly as fast as a stainless steel version. That aside, this thing is freakin awesome. The flexible bristles mean that I can fit these much more comfortably into corners of a work piece. It doesn't kick back so suddenly like a stainless steel brush would if you hit something like a lip or edge. Very much unlike the old stainless steel cup brush, this thing is quite uniform in the work it does. It's almost surreal how different two sections of stud wall turned out using the old product and the new.  When the bristles break off, they don't have the same kind of energy or tension so it's lower velocity. Much less of a need for safety glasses. This is not for use on softer materials like wood, as it will gum up the bristles. After seeing how well this worked in the field, I promptly purchased a full set.", 'First day\'s use so I will come back and update if need be but... After reading all of the 1k+ reviews for this (it\'s the same as the model 6565A that is just another color) and going through all the answered questions, I\'m pretty happy that I made this choice. Another reviewer called this "a beast" because of how well it cleans and they are so right! PROS: 1 - This is not a quiet machine but it is not as loud as I expected from a couple of other reviews. My cheap little Dirt Devil is just as loud and doesn\'t pick up anything but surface debris. The suction is amazing. You only have to choose the correct floor height setting. My carpet was dingy from spot cleaning, then using a low power vacuum. After a year\'s worth of hidden dirt, this vac really dug down and grabbed all kinds of dander-like debris. I\'m sure this will be good for my breathing. You can see in the photo what I picked up with the Bissell after already having gone over the carpet 3 times with the Dirt Devil. Basically, my carpets have never been vacuumed! 2- It\'s not as heavy as some reviewers mention. Even on the lowest floor height setting, I had no problems using this (and I have back problems and low strength). 3- The cord is long enough that I don\'t\' have to unplug when moving around my small apartment. 4 - There was no "spit-back" of debris like with some vacs. 5 - That dust canister is awesome! So easy to take off, dump, then reattach. That was a relief because emptying the dirt is my least favorite part of vacuuming. 6 - This wasn\'t too hard to put together. (You can see the attached photo for what it looked like out of the box and unassembled.) I timed myself and finished in just under 20 minutes. The only problem I had was that my eyes are not great and I took a lot of time re-reading the steps in the instructions. HINT: turn your vacuum around so that it matches the diagram in the instructions! 7- This maneuvers well enough for an upright. I did have to be careful to use both hands to stretch the hose when using attachments so I didn\'t yank the vacuum over. 8 - This fits in my entryway closet very easily (SEE PIC). When you live in a small apartment, storage is at a premium. I like that this stores where I can just roll it out to use it and put it back out of the way.  CONS: 1- The power button is in an odd spot. Like I said, I have back problems and I had to bend to reach the button. I understand why it\'s placed there though because of how the hose and the release take up the spaces at the bottom. 2- The hose could be a tad bit longer. It\'s long enough when the vac is not running, but the suction compresses it and I needed to use both hands to pull it to full length.  I really love this on Day 1. As someone else reviewed that if this lasts a year, I will be more than happy.  One tip I want to pass along is that the Bare Floor setting is also okay for very low carpets. It says that in the manual, but I somehow missed it. I picked up a lot more dirt when I lowered the head.  I included some Before and After photos of the carpet so you could get an idea of how well the vac cleaned it. I took one of them last night and one today so they might not line up properly, but there is a HUGE difference.  By the way, I went for the Teal color but, to tell the truth, I don\'t really pay that much attention to it now that I have it. This is the best vacuum I have ever used and my brother has one of the famous high-end ones that I can\'t even afford to borrow lest I break it! This one works just as good - although it\'s a bit louder.', 'First, understand that I am a 3D printing veteran. This is my 7th machine. And I can take one apart and put it back together without any loss of sleep.  The first machine had a couple bad fans out of the box. Customer service would send me replacements but it just happened to be a national holiday in China so it was going to take an extra week before they could ship it out. So because it was Prime I just returned that one and Amazon sent me a 2nd machine that arrived 2 days later. I had 30 days to return the first one so I kept it around just in case I needed to scavenge parts. Turns out, that was good thinking on my part.  The 2nd machine worked fine for a week out of the box but then developed an issue where the hot end would lose the ability to stay hot randomly, mid print. Qidi support was quick to send a replacement that arrived about a week later. I was not paying close attention because I swapped the extruder out of the spare machine. About a week after that the Mainboard cooling fan failed. Again I swapped from the spare machine.  Despite the failed parts I am very happy with the printer. Tech support has been good and responsive. The printer prints great once you replace the filament cooling fan setup it comes with.  PS it only weighs about 48lb gross shipping weight. The 83 lb. is a mistake.', 'My first experience with this product was with my guitar pedal board.  My Gator board shipped with a small roll of it.  I\'d never used it before but I was incredibly impressed by the strength of the lock.  Seriously, this is impressive stuff.  It makes Velcro industrial strength look like total garbage.  Yes, this stuff is very expensive but it works and is absolutely worth the premium.  No more hooks and loops anymore, this product mates with itself and doesn\'t have the destructive "tear" when separating. The pieces interlock and grip like nobody\'s business.  Package says good for 1000 separations (that\'s a lot) and I believe it.  A couple of tips: 1.  Although the backing adhesive is excellent, make sure you clean the mounting surfaces well with alcohol to remove any trace of grease.  Remember this stuff is strong, so you need a good adhesive bond that will withstand the force of separation. 2.  Try not to upset the roll when it arrives.  Don\'t unravel it.  I pull it out from the center.  The reason is if the film that protects the mounting adhesive gets separated you may be compromising the sticking properties. That would make it wear out faster. 3.  Plan carefully exactly how much you need.  This stuff is expensive but works so well you may need less than you think!  You can also cut it lengthwise for thinner strips.  This has worked well for me. 4.  Note: the adhesive is white which will stand out if placing on glass like a windshield.  5 stars.  Another fabulous 3M invention!', 'These are thick quality respirators (not flimsy at all). It keeps its dome shape and creates a nice seal around my mouth, chin and nose. It is extremely comfortable to wear and it is useful. My breathing is not labored while working hard- although it may get warm the material is breathable.  The elastic bands are strong and stretches comfortably without worries of it snapping off of the mask or catching in my hair.  There is a foam comfort strip for the nose bridge on the inside of mask, with metal bendable nose clamp on the outside. This respirator will not easily get bumped off/knocked off your face. It is secure but comfortable. No chemical smell from the filter material. It works great to filter out drywall particles, dust and mold. I was working with drywall demolition and when I was done I could see the drywall particles on the outside of the blue filter on the respirator. My breathing was free and clear, no coughs later in the day, neither sneezing nor congestion.  Besides construction/demolition and yard work, these respirators are great for the indications mentioned on the box. A great value for peace of mind for health- just in case... because, well, you never know these days.  The box is a flimsy cardboard box but all the masks arrived in great condition-  the respirator box itself was banged/squashed open, but it was easy to fix and return to good box condition. It did not effect the respirators. The outside shipping box was fine and it arrived within 2 days.  I think these are a great size for my oval shaped face. It is not too large and not too small for me, with some room to spare in comfort while keeping all edges pressed on my face.', "This has been working great. Use it to measure run out and bounce in truing my spoke wheels. Magnetic base is strong. Holds in any position, horizontal or vertical. Action of the probe is smooth, doesn't catch or drag through entire length. The clamps haven't given me any issues, just snug to the point where they don't rotate or slide. Doesn't take much.  It came well lubed in oil. good for rust protection I suppose, but it was king of a slippery annoying mess. The case exists, that's about all. It's a really basic blow-molded case. You'll have to take the base off to store it in the case, and everything rattles around because the molding is just a cavity, and not formed to fit.  There will be some flex if you're way out at the far ends of each rod, and the flexible joint introduces some play, but it doesn't flex under the light load of pressure on the plunger.  I can't comment with authority on accuracy of graduations, but within what I'm reasonably able to measure, I can't say it's off. All in all, much more accurate that eyeballing measurements, and good value.", "So I bought this to true up my Grizzly wet grind stone. I wasn't sure what to expect after reading all the reviews and looking at the product description, I wasn't entirely clear how this product would work. What you get is effectively the item in the picture. The tool mounts to the grizzly bar guide. The way it mounts leaves the depth and angle etc, set in a fixed manner. You can adjust the truing element, with a screw knob to move the element across the stone.. However to set the depth of cut one has to adjust the bar height freehand. The tormek system has a threaded rod on one of the bar stems that allows for a height micro adjustment. That bar system as best I can tell will not fit the grizzly system, so one is stuck eyeballing the depth. This can be a critical operation because to get the best results, the cut needs to be within a margin given in the brief instructions (it's a small amount).. It can be done and it's not that hard, but it's certainly more tedious than it would be if one had a threaded height adjustment.. But this is a trade off for having saved the hundreds of dollars in buying the grizzly system rather than the tormek system.. I'm OK with that. I got the results I needed. The product does the job it's designed to do and therefore is faultless!"]
["I've tried everything from premium designer stuff to the value stuff.  When it comes down to it, it's really just shaving soap.  This stuff is no different.  Proraso is a very good shaving product.  It doesn't have the variety of scents that other soaps/creams have, but for the price, it's a good low-frills product.  The soap is just hard enough to load my brush on it, but soft enough to get a really good load without too much effort.  It really whips up a great rich lather that is very slick.  It leaves my skin feeling hydrated and it works great with the Nivea aftershave balm.  The only gripe I have is the scent.  I don't particularly care for the soapy scent.  It's not bad, I just wouldn't wear it as a cologne.  Of course, smell is completely subjective.  Like most all soaps, the scent doesn't linger for more than a few minutes anyway.  Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.", 'I\'ve owned and built dozens of printers and highly recommend this printer. My first printer was a makerfarm Mendel i2. I love working with my hands so of course I started with a kit to build myself. I actually found the experience so stressful, I thought I could do a better job and made kits to sell on ebay and craigslist for a while. Prices have come down, but I used to always sell them (KITS) for around $500, and they were no where near as sturdy as a printer like this. The nice thing about the open source kits is that you could infinitely customize them, and while there are a lot of designs on thingiverse for this printer, it\'s functionality is relatively limited. This is probably a GOOD THING for most people. For any handy person (that receives a printer that is not damaged from the beginning) you will be able to get printing pretty quickly. I wholeheartedly recommend installing opensource firmware (do your reseach on the voltivo forum, look for how to install "repetier" on it) and you will have much more customization (including using any filament type and brand at any temperature).  I got this printer after selling my last workhorse of a printer, a Prusa i3 with dual extruders (I could never get the dual extruder to be reliable enough to use), and I got it thinking I would hotwire it with my own opensource electronics (Arduino MEga + RAMPS 1.4). But as it turns out, the electronics are already an Arduino derivative and you can simply upload firmware. I played around with the idea of getting a "filament resetter" and similar devices, but it\'s just not worth it, IMO. If you\'re tech savvy enough to get repetier firmware on it, you\'ll be able to get the original firmware back on it if you really wanted.  I have the single and dual, and while I don\'t usually use the second extuder, I would highly recommend it if you\'re thinking you want to do dual material (you probably won\'t and shouldn\'t) or use a secondary material as a removable support material. Dissolvable support materials like PVA are expensive and a pain, but the only way to do it. If you can get your hands on the support material from another printer like a Stratasys (at 10x the price of even PVA) you can really make it work, it\'s just expensive. The single extruder model is probably best for 95+% of people.  The printer is quite large, but encasing it makes it print much better ABS parts, removing a lot of warping and cracking issues. Printing large parts requires ABS "juice" (a small amount of ABS filament dissolved in acetone, smeared on the bed and allowed to dry). Read the instructions and you\'ll get some quality prints right away. Make sure there\'s no damage when you receive it or you deserve the headache that will follow.', 'This is a great 3d printer, if you want the least amount of hassle and the shortest learning curve, this is the one. My only strong recommendation, is that you buy simplify 3d with it.  3d printing takes much trial and error. Different filaments, different temp settings, different slicing software, etc etc. FFCP takes a lot of that out of the equation.  My recomendendations:  1. Buy Simplify 3d 2. Start with PLA. ABS can be very difficult to master and the benefits are few over PLA 3. Use Hatchbox filaments. This is very important. Heat bed to 60 deg, and use 205 for filament. Buy it here from Amazon. Wait for Prime stocks so you don\'t over pay. 4. 3d prints of high quality take a long time to print. Avg 6 hrs.  However, once you see a HQ 3d print, you will never want to use anything else. Bottom line: patience. 5. Level the bed very well before you print. I cannot stress this enough. LEVEL LEVEL LEVEL  ! 6. Make sure the first things you print are a filament feeder and a bigger spool feeder. Go on Thingverse for STL plans. You will these before you do anything else. 7. You will almost never use the dual extruders. The only benefit is that you can use two filaments of different types ready to go. 8. Always unload the extruder if you are not going to use the printer for more than a week. 9. Keep the door and top cover on when printing. Heat retention is your friend. 10. Experiment with your slicing settings. Don\'t accept default values. They are typically the wrong ones for your printer. 11. Try to print things vertically. Vertical printing is always more accuarte. Even if some instruction states to print something flat, always flip it vertically. 12. After you get some time on the stock nozzles, upgrade to some micro swiss nozzles. Huge difference. Do not go full metal. It\'s not needed and it will screw up you temperatures. 13. The blue stock print surface works great. Don\'t listen to all the idiot\'s out there that recomend all kinds of other stuff, glass, PEI, Kapton, etc. The key is keeping your surface clean. Clean with denatured alcohol after each print. Let dry. Always use a raft. I don\'t care what they say about not using one. ALWAYS USE A RAFT !. When it\'s truly not sticking anymore replace with a new one. I get about 20 prints before I need to replace. 14. Always preheat. That is so important. Both bed and extruder.  OK so here are some cons:  1. Nozzles will need to be replaced at some point. 2. The two nozzles are more than likely NOT at the same height. What this means is that one may "knock" into the other "structures" when printing and ruin the print. The solution here is either remove extruders and rebalance the nozzles or remove the nozzle of the extruder you don\'t use. Either solution is simple, about 10 min total time. 3. Balancing the table takes several attempts. I use feeler guages. They are more accurate. 4. Loading and unloading the filament becomes a chore, but it\'s something that needs to be done. 5. The table is actually small, as your appetite for bigger projects grows. You will have to get creative wit layouts. 6. The cooling could be improved. Several mods are available online. 7. Do not use the provided spools. The quality is very low and it has led to numerous clogs. Use Hatchbox for both PLA and ABS.  Overall I love this printer. Yes, some things could be improved but the only 3d printer I would consider to be better than this one is the makergear m2. I also own that one. It\'s very good but also twice the price. I still find myself using the flashforge over the m2 more often than not. The m2 is great for bigger projects. I would recommend the Creator pro 2016 to anyone starting or wanting a more reliable 3d printer. Don\'t waste your money and time on anything else.  I love this machine.', 'It takes a little practice to get used to these, and I kind of feel like it\'s a case of "controlled chaos" working with them. There\'s a lot of things that can go wrong, so they are potentially very dangerous. I didn\'t realize the first time I used them when you get to the very top of the lift, the weight of the jacks themselves will tend to push the wall over. I was trying to stop the wall from moving, and both of the jacks in  unison were fighting against me. I was very lucky that one edge of the top plate caught against an adjacent wall long enough for me to pull the jack out of place. I would have lost the wall otherwise.  After that first little adventure I started to tie rope to the wall, but this is also a case of controlled chaos. If your ropes are too long, they can stretch, and the bottom of the wall can kick in and go over too. I find it best to get the walls within about 3 inches of plumb, brace the wall and get rid of the jacks. Then, and only then, push the wall into plumb.  These are very handy, but I would advise anyone using them to start with small walls (10\') or so before approaching anything much heavier.  I can also say it takes about 45 min. to set everything up vs. about 15 min. with a helper. Of course if you have no helper, these are gold. Use nice straight 2x4\'s and be certain everything is well secured. Double up your 2x4\'s at the base or use the wind kit.', 'This is a kit of parts, not a 3D printer.  It takes several hours to assemble the printer.  The instructions are good enough.  The parts seemed to be good at first but as I assembled the printer I found some defects. 1) One of the guide bars had some deep grinder or  machine tool marks so the bearing did not slide smoothly.  I\'d say about 1mm deep in multiple places along a 10mm length of the bar. (See photo) 2) One of the four linear bearings was broken, loose balls and non-round hole.  Would only "slide" over a bar if force where applied.  They should glide with very little friction. 3) there was a dead-spot on the LCD.  The LCD screen works fine except for a 5 x 30 mm box near the top. (See photo)  I can still use the menu system, just can read part of the screen. 4) A short on the main board prevents use of the z-limit switch.  The switch itself is fine.  The main board works except for this one problem. (I was able to repair it.  It was a solder bridge under one of those micro size surface mount capacitors)  The seller does respond to emails quickly when I use the Amazon web interface to send messages.  Replacement parts however use a slow shipping method from China (not Prime shipping) I will update this review as I receive replacement parts. I was able to assemble the printer with the 3 good bearings and defective rod, the Y axis wobbles but replacement parts will fix this.  The electronics works, and I can guess what is printed on the defective part of the screen.  But the inability to home the z-axis means I have to turn the motor by hand and listen for the switch to click then edit out the auto-home command from the g-code file I want to pint.  Quite a lot of effort to make a test print on a wobbly bed.  UPDATE:  All four replacement parts arrived. (main board, LCDD, Y-Axis rod, Linear bearing)  As I type this I have just used my first spool of filament and the results are good.  You MUST check and level the bed if needed EVERY print.  When using the sample PLA filament supplied with the kit set the bed fo 60C and the nozzle to 215C print at 60mm/sec but the first player at 30mm/sec or slower.  use LOTS of glue stick on the aluminum bed.  Correct nozzle height:  Find thin paper, high quality inkjet printer paper is why to thick, place it between nozzle and build plate, You should just be able to slide the paper with friction.  You need about 0.01 mm gap.  I am getting good quality prints but.  It is not automatic.  You must pay attention to every detail and experiment with the setting in your slicer app.  Keep good notes about what works and what does not.  This printer is capable of very good prints but requires much car and attention and adjustment  I added photos of parts I made, three are printer upgrades and one is a robot "gripper".  I gave 2 rather than 1 star because the kit is still a good value and I have faith the issues might be resolved eventually (it might take a month).  I can change to 4 stars if this is resolved.', "This reflective tape is handy to have for items you may never have thought about putting this on before. I use this tape with other width TapeCase, tapes on my hard hats, trash & recycle bins and my riding mower so far. I live on a state route and there is always traffic on the road. They have struck my bins that are well away from the roadway so I am conscience of being near the road when mowing or being near the road for doing maintenance. Before I put this on my bins I have had to pick up from my bins every time I put them out for collection but since I've put them on my bins 3 weeks now (2/19/15), I've not had this problem, drivers have kept away from striking my bins.  Make sure that you wash with Dawn ( or similar  ), rinse well and dry the area that you want to apply this to. This will clean away any possible oils or debris that could prevent adhesion to the surface you want to apply the reflective tape to. Do not apply this tape in cold weather as this will not adhere to cold surfaces. I tried this and it did not work, I just wasted tape. This does not stick to sharp corners but rounded work well.  I like this product and have purchased multiple colors and widths.  The contrast gets attention even during daytime use.  One thing further, peeling the clear backing from the adhesive tape is not easy and I sometimes pull the white, reflective tape off before the clear comes off. This product is not as highly reflective as other, more costly products but it does work for those of us on a budget. I hope you find this helpful.", "I read most and as always I read the negs first. So far it's one star for packaging and one for the usefulness of the product (at least what I can use of it). Please read: I really needed this piece to replace a garage window and I didn't feel like getting a glass replacement. The size is bigger than what I wanted which is fine with me.....the problem is, most of it is scratched and the film paper covering it has been ripped away especially in the middle where it's the worst place to be. The packaging was opened upon arrival and the only packing material inside was a small piece of butcher paper. No receipt, nothing.  I'm going to use it for the intended purpose but knowing the middle is scratched up is upsetting and once again, disappointing. I'm not going to contact Plastics 2000 or who ever sent it because it's probably futile. I always have good luck with all Amazon.com purchases and shipping has always been great. You can read my other reviews to confirm that. This time I got a goose egg.  UPDATE: I forgot to add this in. During the ordeal of cutting this with a material specific saw blade, it shattered and frayed along every side I cut. This product is an absolute a disappointment. Live & learn I guess.", "I will cover cons first: * setting of the CC / CV is done by ... as far as I can tell... running the circuit (or shorting it out) and then dialing in what you want. In other words., the display only shows what is actually coming out so dial it up before connecting anything important. * Fine tuning... nope.. * Enable/Disable Power (per channel or globally) would be really useful. * No (as far as I could tell) good teardowns of this on youtube.  I might do it soon, but for now, as it is my only functioning supply, the cover is staying on. * Complete and utter lack of USB power supply connector for my phone, wifi connectivity for remote monitoring, or built in coffee holders.. Sheesh!  Ok., Pros: * It works!  No magic smoke! Almost no overshoot on my initial tests.  While I do not have a bench constant load module, what limited tests I have done seem to work very well. * I did not realize this., but it does NOT have a fan (or if it does, I have never heard it).  It has huge heat-sinks on the back.  If I had known this, I would have bought it even faster. * Love the analog knobs (while not fine tuned) they do not wobble around * Clear display of current and voltage output, color coded, is exactly what the Doctor ordered :) * Binding Posts are not the best, but are solid, properly spaced (for me, at least), and everything stays tight and stable. * Peering through the grating, It appears that this has one big ol toroidal transformer laying horizontally in the center of this.  Perfect. * Not that important, but the overall style of the design reminds me of high quality, state of the art 1980's equipment. Except for the big Orange power button.  In short.. (which incidentally works fine with this, of course) .. I have to give this an unexpected thumbs up.  While it is nowhere near the Rigol class, for a hobbyist, this is a rock solid power supply.  I will (obviously) follow this review up with an addendum if it blows up on me.", "After working with it for well over a month here are the ugly details you'll have to spend money and time fixing..  Firmware requires customization - you'll need to know or learn how to modify the firmware config and reupload. Easy if your a nerd. You'll find that some of your axis directions need to be inverted. There is no way around this, get used to the ardino IDE, you will be using it a bit. The top z-axis plates are initially very snug and you may have to sand, oil the holes that the threaded rods fit into in order to allow them to turn freely. The included spool holder introduces way too much friction/drag on the spool to allow it to turn freely. As a result you'll find yourself baby-sitting your print. GeeeTech refused to answer my questions via email and even ignored my attempt to use their live chat to ask questions. The manufacturer leaving me high and dry forced me to seek answers on my own. What I found made the previous problems seem insignificant.  The above flaws have solutions (well except for bad support) and are easily fixed if your patient - this final flaw should send you running from this printer:  The final flaw is that It is impossible to prevent a jam from occurring - this is a combination of several factors. After a month of dealing with the issue and studying extruder designs I realize that the issue with this printer is that the extruder has a design flaw that makes it almost impossible to keep pressure from building up the extruder assembly. The only solution to this problem is to completely redesign the extruder maybe upgrading it to an E3D-V6 in the process.  For someone like me who isn't very good with machining this design flaw is a huge disappointment. It means that it will be months or years and cost me a couple hundred bucks more before I can use this printer effectively. So while the printer could be a solid 4 star, this final flaw renders it almost worthless to all but the most savvy.", 'Quick Update: as much as I love the quality of the print and everything this little printer offer I disliked one things that\'s why I dropped my original review 2 stars. the thing I dislike the most is bed leveling. this printer has to have the worse bed leveling procedure I ever seen, thought theoretically it suppose to be easier that the creator pro and the dreamer but in reality it been very painful to me, and here is the procedure and why: 1. make sure your servo calibration that the servo is 90 degree perpendicular to the bed (this a very fine tuning and you might end up doing it few times before getting it right. 2. calibrate the extruder, again there is no actual define point to use every time, you have to use the paper 0.1mm thing and hope when you level the bed you did it right. 3. leveling the bed, the extruder move to 3 different areas on the bed while sensing the distance and ask you to turn the nobs clockwise or anticlockwise yet you don\'t actually feel if it worked until you try to print. yes theoretically it suppose to be easier but reaching the sweet running point is random and might get you frustrated before you reach it. I wasted a full pla spool just adjusting this to were it worked, and when it worked the prints were amazing, the quality were high and I loved it, but it didn\'t last long after few prints I needed to do the same procedures all over again,  $500 for this little beast is a bargain! I got this 3 days ago and I had 1 little hiccup on leveling the bed which I didn\'t understand the instruction so I researched online then I asked Tang from Flashforge and told me that the extruder position then the servo require calibration first then I can level bed automatically, after that I had 5 prints all amazing worked great no flaws and amazing quality, I am very happy with this machine, perfect small beginner 3d printer. 1. The building I appreciated that you can slide remove it and return it to remove the print, it make life easier and maintain the bed level intact. 2. Automatic bed leveling tool much easier bed leveling less frustration, however I wish flashforge explain more details on their manual about the extruder calibration and the servo calibration. 3. yes finally USB stick instead of SD card, I like it better, its easier to find a flash memory rather than sd card in ones home, also the flash stick last longer than the SD card and many other reasons I prefer the Flash stick over SD. 4. helpful beeping sound yes I find that very useful. 5. Flashprint the slicer that come with it, now I don\'t have problem with it but I am not big fan, its mimic the Makerbot slicer almost the same, the wireless function is fun but you can live without it if you want to use a better slicer, for free slicer flashprint is really good, but I use simplify3d its a payed 1 time sliver and has more options and better quality on the print if you know what you are doing. 6. the filament cartridge many find that annoying that flashforge is forcing you to use their filament however I find that flashforge filament is of a very good quality, I only concerned about the limited colors, however you can still use external filament and it works great, that is your choice as a user. 7. color, I like red color it look fancy on this printer but I do wish you have multiple color options its just me being spoiled haha.  last thing is the blue tape that flashforge has on the build platform I wish they start selling these for all their printer types on amazon, they are really good and helpful in obtaining a better print quality and please sell them at reasonable price.  Update 8/25/2016 after 4 month of using this printer I don\'t recommend this printer though it has great resolution and quality prints the problem is leveling the build plate is a lot of hassle and there is no spare parts if it broke, I been looking for a replacement for the build plate for about 2 month  Update8/30/2016 yet again I pumped it to 4 star now, here is my experience so far and why I gave it 5 star, I have all falshforge printer as I mentioned earlier, this one gave me little trouble in bed leveling but I fixed it and discovered how to bypass the auto bed leveling using simplify3d. also the buildtak is not efficient I removed it and used the glass with washable glue and it worked perfectly , however their is something called "printafix" that sadly only sold in Europe is a good cold bed adhesive for PLA and work wonders, but since in USA we don\'t have it yet Elmar washable glue work great. I still believe this need improvement on the bed leveling system. as for the parts they still need to sell these parts on their site or any other place, I needed a new build plate and had to email Tang and buy the last one they had here in the states. else next time I have to email them and they will ship it from china, I believe there should be spare parts available for this printer. for quality this printer give amazing quality, I have videos on my YouTube channel I will get  the link here soon', '<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Neiko-01407A-Electronic-Digital-Caliper-with-Extra-Large-LCD-Screen-0-6-Inches-Inch-Fractions-Millimeter-Conversion/dp/B000GSLKIW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Neiko 01407A Electronic Digital Caliper with Extra Large LCD Screen | 0 - 6 Inches | Inch/Fractions/Millimeter Conversion</a>  I was looking for a cheap digital calipers for getting some measurements on rough prototype 3D printing.  I have my engineering calipers for the serious work but for knocking around the workbench I wanted something I wouldn\'t mind getting beat up a bit.  The Neiko\'s accuracy falls within the limits I require but if your trying to measure down to 38 better get a more accurate caliper.  Pro: 1.  Cost 2.  Accuracy within limits. 3.  Features (metric/imperial) 4.  Hard shell padded case. 5.  Extra battery. 6.  Auto Shutoff  Cons: 1.  Oily coating. 2.  Accuracy when you get more detailed. 3.  Buttons sometimes get a little "crunchy".', "I've been using this, maybe twice a week on average, since Sept. 2010.  It stopped reading (Celsius only) temperature a while back, and the 'hold' feature no longer functions, but TDS readings are still reliable and that's what I care about.  Batteries have been changed twice, I believe.  I confess my head was turned by another meter recently, but it was actually worthless and went back to Amazon. The readings would jump around for 15 seconds before it quit like clockwork.  Since 15-second auto-off pretty much prevents any chance of an accurate reading, this was a friggin' *brilliant* feature. It's a shame no one mentioned it.  [/sarcasm]  Okay, lesson learned, the cesspool is full of impostors. At least HM Digital won't be using another name next year, but I thought by now they would've included Fahrenheit in the pens.  Come on, really?  I don't think we're giving it up here, it's a good system.  On the plus side: I don't really need the 'hold' to work, since sitting in a cup of water will hold the reading anyway.  They all benefit from time in the water, but the numbers don't jump around like others I've seen. I've never gotten an unexpected or wacky reading, so it seems to be pretty accurate.  Reckon I'll keep it to the end.", "this meter works well we called the company and spoke to the male (sales guy/tech) good help and want over meter and calibrated it three times (meter got more closer to the 4.01 (around 4.02, 4.03 (it does it times tak a while to find itself and can wounder around +/- 5 (there is a window of 3.96 to 4.06 which is 4 ). we tried several meters the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is a good meter but it only reads 0.0 good back up and it really works wells out of the others.  for the Milwaukee MW102 PH and Temperature Meter we find it works just a little better and gives more reading. Calibration works best if you use wash sample 4.01 than to sample 4.01 with temp prop and repeat. this meter is not junk it does take a little time to read to higher level the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is faster but not has accurate but close.  the Milwaukee MW102 PH unit is a basic PH meter with temp sample field unit good price in market for what it is--(no data sd card slots etc...). thanks milwaukee. (if the unit goes bad or anything i will post it so far so good).  unit is runing ok so far had to re calibrate (did it several) times with wash 4.01 and the test 4.01 etc.. and the meter sames to be reading +/- about 2 or 3 more close to 2. the meter works well just wish it would find its calibration zone faster. there are times where is just struggles to find the calibration and the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is all ready there. I have ordered cleaning solution to see if this helps.  ok i am returning this unit the 102 and will try the Milwaukee 105 pro model. the 102 just too many time takes to long to find it self to many times, eats up way to much time and i have to 2nd check it (so if i check 50 pools a day this meter will kill me... maybe probe change or broad but i can not use it working like this.  i will update on the Milwaukee 105 pro after using it i will update findings.  OK Milwaukee 105 pro works great. We had to call the company and get a replacement probe for unknown reason the 1st probe was faulty. the tech guys at Milwaukee are very helpful and help us with new replacement probe.  the Milwaukee 105 reads a little faster it sames than the 102 but the run is at time very close. BUT it works very well and both PH and TEMP are displayed on screen with this unit makes it nice to not have to switch screens. (the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is faster). this test is great for bench and table work. (after calibration this 105 meter was 100% on the money 4.00 and 7.00 and reads with a very high degree accuracy.  Final NOTE: Both units 102 and 105 Milwaukee's are (2 points) calibration the  Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is a (3 point) we called many companies for the answer and we are told that 3 points calibrate faster and many companies are moving to the pens and 3 point and auto cal from factory like the  Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 this pen has factory calibration without any butter set by the factory watch you can at any time set it back to factory ((we checked factory and it is right on for 4.0 ((not 0.00)) that good. like to see other meters have this option.  conclusion: 102 and 105 Milwaukee's are (2 points)slower than (3 points) work great. Great product and the Milwaukee's customer service was very helpful and fixed any issues. the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 we use and it is a great meter with great factory reset calibration without solution.  hope this helps all and please leave commands for others if you want thank you.", "I do use a lot of these type of sanding disc and have used many brands. These discs are good and thick with 5 layers. Many discs on Amazon or Harbor Freight are very thin with just 2 or 3 layers of abrasive sheets stacked together. Pay close attention to the number of layers looking at disc wheels from the side. From a vertical line count the layers. The more layers there are, the longer they will perform better as they wear down through the disc. The cheapie ones have 3 and the higher quality ones have 5 or more layers. Also compare the cloth thickness of the layers. For many discs on the market the price is all over the place. Ranging from $3.50 to $8.00 each and most are the cheaper thin ones. Don't be fooled by the price. The big home improvement stores rip you off for these discs and they are usually thinner. These discs are balanced fairly good, and the price is good. The only reason I gave them 4 stars is, it seems that they might vibrate some when they are used aggressively. I use them mostly for pre-cleaning mill scale on steel before welding. I know most of you old hands know how hard mill scale is to remove. (But for newbies, for scale removal where some scratches are not important, start out with a 36 grit wheel). These also work well on rust, grinding down welds and just about anything else. Always wear good eye protection, a proper fitting respirator, and hearing protection when using grinders. I wished I would have taken better care of my ears when I was younger. How many of you older guys agree with me on that? Also don't let others around you breath this dust. Any way I will update again after I have used the rest of these in a few weeks. So far they are recommended. Sorry, I don't want to sound like a know it all, but I have used many of these and I wanted to pass on the info. Thank you for reading. Update:5/3/17 I just received my second order of 10 discs. The first ones worked pretty good for the price so I reordered them. Good discs.", 'I have used hemostats for at least an eon. (I know, I know - I only look like I\'m half an eon old. At most.) They worked pretty well. With a background in emergency medicine I was used to them. I wasn\'t doing many things that required a cross locking action - and when I did, hemostats were what I reached for. Well...little did I know what I was missing out on!  These are so much easier than hemostats. If you are in the camp I used to belong to, SWITCH! Right now. Don\'t wait. These cross locking action tweezers will make your life SO much easier! Gone are the days of struggling with locking/unlocking hemostats...just pinch the tweezers and you can quickly (and easily) pick up and clasp small, light items. The "fiber" handles keep these from burning your fingers - note that the handle pieces are definitely some sort of fiber and not wood. Great item! I\'ve already purchased the curved tip, too. Love them both!', "Purchased from Grenals through Amazon for $6.99 and free shipping for 12 pack! Could not be happier. Bottles are true Boston rounds, nice weight, caps with flat inner seal (I assume cardboard covered with a water-resistant material). I use these 30ml bottles for my DIY ejuice. They do not leak.  I also have the blue cobalt 30ml bottles with the glass eye dropper caps. Those are nice bottles too if you need an eye dropper. I prefer the brown Boston round with the standard caps b/c I use 100% VG which is very thick. I found it very messy using the eye dropper caps as whenever you pull the dropper from the bottle, it's coated with VG and it doesn't run off quickly, so there is no tidy way to transfer liquid with a dropper cap. If I need to use a dropper I prefer to use a separate one where I can just dip the tip in to extract the juice without the dropper being coated in it. But mostly I use a subtank mini and just pour juice from the bottle directly into the tank, so the dropper became inconvenient as I had to pull it out then set it down, making even more of a mess.  The other reason I prefer the brown Boston rounds to the Cobalt Blue Boston rounds is, I can see through these a little easier when adding VG to make new ejuice. I typically fill them to the shoulder and I can see to do that using the brown bottles if the light is right. The cobalt blue bottles are darker and harder to see where the juice line is, making them less convenient for how I use them. If you are someone who measures everything out then that wouldn't matter. But it's also easier to see how much juice is left in a brown bottle, than the blue ones.  So they are both great bottles and it's all in what you need them for.", 'Positives: - Sticks very well to hardwood stair treads. - Very grippy when you put foot on it.  Negatives: - Grain is very very coarse for inside a house (barefoot traffic). - It hurts the feet when I step on it. Makes the feet feel sore when I walk several times on it in a day. - Can make people trip (instead of slipping without it). It is super grippy. My movers walking with their shoes felt like they were going to trip as it gripped their shoe bottom so well. Many times we do not lift the foot as much as needed and move feet forward close to surface. Any sight touch it catches the foot (or shoe bottom).  On a side note, in my previous home, I had used similar tape from ikea which had a finer grain coating on the tape. That was a good experience. But, in last couple of trips, I could not find that tape at Ikea. So, ordered this from Amazon. I did not realize it was this coarse until I stuck all treads on a staircase with this.', "This is my first 3D printer. Being a DIY kit, This printer went together very easily. Parts are laser cut, and self jigging so alighnment, for the most part, is not an issue. It takes some tweaking and some trial and error, but in the end it is worth it. I am still learning how best to print things.  One thing to pay attention to is the fact that the left and right frame members are NOT identical. One side is drilled for the motherboard, and the other side is drilled for the power supply. It is not very obvious. If you get the left and right side swapped, then the wiring becomes very interesting, because the frame has wiring channels cut in, and reversing the location of the power supply and motherboard negates all of those convenient channels!  Another thing to pay attention to are the stepper motors. They look identical, but in truth the extruder motor performs very differently than the X, Y, or Z motors. I was baffled at the printer's inability to print the simplest objects and the X motor's crazy, jerky performance, until I swapped it with the extruder motor to test. Once I did that, print objects started popping out of the thing like magic, and I was able to sleep at night because the motor ran so much more smoothly!  I was also resigned to rough looking objects until I discovered that I was printing in fast mode in cura. Once I switched to normal, high resolution, or ultra definition, the print layers got really thin and the objects became really smooth.  I also had problems with adhesion, until I turned the nozzle temp up to 225 and the bed temp up to 77 degrees. To prevent things from falling apart on the print bed, I selected to use a grid support instead of Now things are clicking along very nicely!  All in all, a great printer", '<div id="video-block-R1NEXK91RHQTBT" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1YCzMWwQ5S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1Tv50db%2BnS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I got this mini float valve to install inside my Keurig water tank so it would automatically refill itself. This little valve works perfectly.  The valve itself needs a 5/8" hole through which the mounting shaft fits. I drilled the hole easily with a step drill similar to the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vastar-Titanium-Step-Drill-Cone-Drill-Bits-High-Speed-Steel-10-Steps-1-4-34-to-1-3-8-34/dp/B073JM4D8F/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vastar Titanium Step Drill Cone Drill Bits, High Speed Steel 10 Steps 1/4" to 1-3/8"</a>. They work great when cutting holes in thin plastic as they gradually cut the hole with very little stress on the plastic.  You tighten the valve body into place with a plastic nut that compresses a silicon washer on the inside and a hard plastic washer on the outside.  This leaves a threaded hole exposed in the valve. After wrapping a generous length of teflon tape over the fine threads of the 90-degree elbow (I had to do this three times, increasing the teflon each time until the threads no longer leaked) you screw the elbow into the valve body. I stopped when the elbow faced rearward.  At this point you can insert standard 1/4" polyethylene tubing into the elbow until it reaches its stop. If you need to adapt to 3/8" tubing, you\'ll still need a short length of 1/4" tubing to use the included 1/4" to 3/8" adapter/coupling. I didn\'t need that. You really only need 1/4" tubing to feed the tank as you\'re only replenishing the 10 ounces of water used to make a single cup of coffee after each brewing. A trickle is all you need. But the valve refills the tank almost immediately.  I\'d highly recommend having a main valve further down the line before the float valve. This allows you to turn the water off if you need to clean or decalcify the coffee maker or otherwise stop the water flow. I had already installed a $6.43 plastic 1/4" to 1/4" ball valve&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/John-Guest-PPSV040808WP-Single-Straight-Shut-Off-Valve-1-4-34-Tube-OD-x-1-4-34/dp/B003YKF2E2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">John Guest PPSV040808WP Single Straight Shut-Off Valve, 1/4" Tube OD x 1/4"</a>&nbsp;for an earlier coffee maker that I had plumbed with a different float valve. The water comes from our reverse osmosis system that supplies water to the sink and refrigerator icemaker.  This valve works well because as you can see from the pictures, the valve has to come through the top of the tank lid. This means the float arm needs to articulate. A stainless screw allows the plastic knee joint to adjust the float to suit the desired water level.  The float fits easily inside my particular Keurig with about 1/2" to spare on either side of the float as it rides up and down on the water surface. The indicated dimensions of 45mm diameter x 74mm long appear to be accurate.  I did put a piece of Scotch tape on the lid to hold the lid onto the tank. If someone were to remove the lid, it would bring the valve out with it, the float would lower and water would start flowing. Best to lock the lid onto the tank with a piece of tape.  My previous mini-float valve worked flawlessly for more than ten years. I only retired it because the coffeemaker failed and its design called for a float that mounted on the back of the tank. This valve has to come in from the top. The valves are very simple with no parts to corrode. I hope to get the same service from this valve.']
["Nintendo has really shown this past year, that there is so much hype going on with some of their greatest video games. Although more of the emphasis has been around the Wii, and the redesigned Nintendo DS Lite, the other systems still showed they had some light around for die hard gamers. That has been the case with great games like Need For Speed: Carbon, Madden '07, and especially the return of Link. Since the last major Zelda epic came out for the Gamecube a few years ago on The Wind Waker, eager Gamecube fans have wanted more. Twilight Princess made a smashing stand for the Wii as the premire launch title. Thankfully, Gamecube owners don't feel left out this time.  The Legend Of Zelda: Twilight Princess has been a long time coming for the Nintendo Gamecube. It has been a long time coming but it was worth it. The gameplay follows Link as he goes on a journey, trying to battle the fierce Ganondorf who has caused trouble around Hyrule. In the story, Link is transformed into a howling wolf, and uncovers the mystery of the twilight. The gameplay and the storyline are absolutely gorgeous, and the surroundings are absolutely filled with life. The control is also a bit easier to pickup for Gamecube, compared to the Wii, where it is more about accuracy from the controller. There is one main disadvantage with Twilight Princess for the Gamecube, compared to the Wii version. The maps and levels are all mirrored to seperate the two versions from one another. In other words, if you had to go left to a certain point on the Wii, Gamecube players would have to go right, which to Gamecube edition owners might find a bit confusing if they've bought the strategy guide Nintendo made.  Despite that one big difference, The Legend Of Zelda: Twilight Princess marks the near end of the Gamecube era, but it remains one must buy for die hard Zelda fans that is worth the effort. If you own a Gamecube, or the Wii, and you can't find the Wii edition, than I definitely recommend the Gamecube version. This is one that the tri-force is behind Link for eternity.  Graphics: A  Sound: B+  Control: B+  Fun & Enjoyment: B 1/2+  Overall: B+", 'Good morning all, well, i will be the first to admit, that you sometimes get what you paid for.  In this case, I am conflicted.  When the printer arrived, all looked well. No manual, no big deal I downloaded it.  Then issues, I attempted load the printer, only to find it had a piece of filament broke off in the nozzle. See image  Well, being that i spent a month trying to get another printer to work i knew how to disassemble  and remove the filament. Thank goodness my existing printer had tools.  You know, that once you remove the extruder, you will need to relevel the bed. So this was a snap.  Next, time to print. I loaded some PLA and printed the sample.  I was pleasantly surprise. It completed the print and looked very nice. In fact, very nice.  Now, it was time for ABS. Since the bed can only go to 60, this concerned me. However, I ran the extruder up 220 and was able to print a nice small piece.  On to a bigger piece. Ugg, 2/3 off the print and the printer was stuck/stopped Im not sure what you would call it. The piece was with in the height of the printer. I am hoping for a glitch, perhaps power, perhaps filament gods.  I will rerun the job and let you know.  So for now, 3 stars.', "I buy these bags to package my own products that I sell on eBay, Etsy, and (yep!) Amazon. I need bags that seal tight, are durable enough to withstand packaging, shipping, and daily use by my buyer, and appear to be high quality (are not blurry when you peer through them). I've ordered this set of 1000 bags three times over the last two months and I am sure I will order them hundreds of more times in my lifetime. I am beyond happy with these.  Each bag measures true to size at 4 inches by 6 inches. They are relatively thick in terms of the plastic, which makes them very durable. They hold my beads, small jewelry items, and little craft supplies perfectly. I also use them to organize my own construction hardware (screws, washers, etc) and they old up perfectly fine for that as well. Although they are thick and tough, they are very clear to look through. They don't have that 'hazy opaque' texture that other plastic bags have. You can very easily see what is inside of these bags.  These bags zip tight and stay shut. They are extremely easy to 'zip' and snap into place without any issue. I package my own products, so I want to be able to zip my bags shut very quickly so I can work efficiently. I never have to waste time aligning these bags to where they will zip. They always snap together and STAY shut without any issue. They take quite a rough shipment process and I have yet to hear complaints that one broke open in transit.  You receive 1000 bags in this order. Each set of 100 bags is separated into it's own plastic container. And all 1000 bags are packaged neatly in a cardboard box. The box makes them very easy to store, and I like that they are broken into 100-bag sections so I can easily pull out what I need without having to guestimate how many bags I've grabbed.  Like I said earlier, I'm sure I will order these specific bags multiple more times throughout my life. The price is very affordable, the bags are high quality, and they fit my needs perfectly. Definitely recommend them.", "I've been using J-B Weld for 36 years.  For a DIY'er with a house, workshop, vehicles, tractors and mowers, the uses are endless.  I keep a supply of both the industrial size as well as the smaller size on hand.  However, there is one BIG secret:  PREPARATION!  If the joining surface of the material to be fused is not prepared correctly, it will NOT work.  First, the surfaces must be roughed up a bit. On steel, iron, aluminum or any metal, I use a course grinding wheel if possible.  A file works fine if you have a supply of elbow grease.  My favorite method on small surfaces is using a tungsten carbide cutter bit with a Dremel.  Second, clean the surface thoroughly with acetone.  Do not use alcohol.  Acetone evaporates in a very few seconds.  Once the surface is dry, apply J-B Weld and allow it to cure. Repairing cracks is a breeze.  If I have a broken item in two parts, I rig some sort of jig to keep pressure on the joint while it cures.  With J-B Weld, Liquid Nails, Acetone and fiberglass cloth, there are not too many things that can't be repaired.  I had a concrete fountain bowl that weighed over 200 pounds in the front yard.  Weather extremes and age caused it to break in half on the pedestal.  My failure to keep the drainage holes clean in winter might have had something to do with it.  I cleaned it up, propped up one half on its side, covered both halves thoroughly and liberally J-B Weld and placed the halves together.  I allowed them to sit there and cure for a week.  I then covered both sides with a thick layer of exterior construction Liquid Nails and allowed it to dry another week before placing the heavy bowl back on the pedestal. That was over a year ago.  The repaired joint will last longer than the original concrete.  If you are so inclined, you can mix up a thin mixture of J-B Weld with acetone so it will completely saturate a piece of fiberglass cloth and repair a 6-foot crowbar.  Repairs are only limited by one's imagination.", 'There are the worst vises I have ever used. I bought two with the intention of mounting them side by side. First problem is if you cannot use them without the swivel base. If you try to bolt them down without the base they will warm and will no longer clamp. My older 6" vise by the same company(HHIP) works great without the swivel base. It has more meat in it and much better built. These are cheap junk. Second problem is when mounting them side by side they are 0.0115" difference in height. This makes them unusable without shimming. The workmanship and general quality has gone away with these vises. The old ones I have use 10+ years old. Work great to this day. These were junk out of the gate. They made them with so much less material it compromised the usability. Don\'t waist your money.', 'Nicely suprised with the quality. I have worked in publishing art departments and libraries many whole life: every job came with edged tools and cutters and forceps, etc. I also have built 3 wristwatches so I\'m used to using strange tools. I have some older forceps that i like and wanted more for my current needs: creating samples for microscopy, handling and standing up radioactive test sources for gamma ray spectroscopy and to augment my fiddling with watches and anything else i manage to disassemble.  These tools have a matte brushed look instead of the bright (cheap) chrome plate that dollar store tools have.  There are two scalpel handles with sealed blades: go watch YouTube video on how to properly install those. There is also a one piece scalpel which i thought "oh, it\'s the only thing that\'s a little rough looking but I can grind a new edge on it". Well, I didn\'t need to: it\'s obviously much sharper than any of my xacto blades: and I\'ve got about 30 xacto handles and hundreds of different shape/style blades. A relative who is an MD gave me sealed surgical blades that were sharper than the one piece in this kit, however I\'m going to guess that the sealed blades for the holder handles in this kit are sharper still! For hobby, artwork, etc these are sharp enough to get the job done. The one piece doesn\'t cut paper well: but it glides through plastic like a dream if you ride the rounded edge. I\'m not dissecting anything but I\'ll assume this will go through skin and viscera just fine.  The big scissors cutting edges bow away from eachother (so they don\'t crush tissue? ) but they cut the padded envelope cleanly and very straight! No curve to the cut in paper.  The forceps click lock, but you can sort of pull sideways and open and close without clicking, and then release to lock. Dollar store hemostats make you click closed but open easy. These are easy both ways without being sloppy. Some wristwatch parts are thinner than a human hair so sloppy would be bad.  For modeling (search Logusz U-2540) you can lock and hold items your painting or gluing easily.  The blade holder handles are size 3 and 4. They are what i bought this kit for and the other stuff is icing on the cake.  The probes are nice. The tweezers are fascinating: the ends are bent 90 degrees and interlock like teeth: one triangular spike fitting into a triangular cutout on the bottom. Then there is a medium, blunt tweezer and a pointed pair.  The tongue lifting "thingy" with the keyhole notch I\'m using to seperate out wiring in lower voltage electronic projects to trace back wires and hold while cutting.  Even the magnifier glass is useable! It\'s heavy glass, crudely ground at the edges but has no noticeable spherical abberation (no weird fisheye effect). You can see and draw what you see exactly without having to compensate for optical distortions.  A magnet will stick to these instruments, so you can infer what you will about metal composition. Nothing is marked as far as alloy or country of origin.  The twelve blades are gamma ray sterilized TS 4171 / BS 2982 that are ISO 7740. Carbon steel.  For under twentybucks I would have been happy with just the #3 and #4 handles.  Michael Logusz Science and Optics', "To begin, I'm not an engineer or an electrician.  I'm a computer nerd and dabble in electronics only so far as it interfaces with computing devices.  For instance, breadboarding stuff off of a raspberry pi.  That sort of thing.  Can not say enough positive things about this assortment.  It comes in a cardboard box, but unlike a lot of other ways to buy resistors, these are in little plastic bags with the value of the resistors written on the bag.  For those familiar, resistors are color-coded, but franky, my eyes are old and these markings can be a big sloppy.  Hard to see without a magnifying glass and even then, sometimes hard to tell the colors apart.  PLUS, then you have to go to a chart and try and calculate the value.  SOOOOO much easier to have them in bags with the value printed on the bags.  I tested a few of these with a multimeter.  They tested out close enough to the listed Ohm rating.  All in all, a great deal for the electronics hobbyist.  (Or maybe even professional... I wouldn't know anything about that.)  For the price, well worth it and will save you a lot of time when you're trying to find a 220 ohm resistor or whatnot.", 'Ive been itching to get into 3D printing for some time now but had never taken the plunge previously due to the high cost and high maintenance required to keep a 3D printer in spec.  That said, my purchase of the Makerbot Replicator 2 was an impulse buy. I just got a wild hair up mabutt and clicked the Add to Cart, then removed it, then added it back several times during the day. Once Amazons site displayed the message, Order in the next 6 seconds and get it by Friday 14 March 2014, I went ahead and purchased it because at that point, it was less a desire for a 3D Printer and more of a battle to see if I could add it to my cart and check out in 6 seconds. (I succeeded, BTW. Curse you Jeff Bezos for making it so easy!)  Fast forward to Friday the 14th of March when it arrived.  Unboxing:  The unit arrived in a well-packed cardboard box. The first thing one sees when opening the box is the Owners manual. It sits in a recessed cut-out in a large cardboard piece that sits on top of everything else in the box. Removing that cardboard layer exposes the 3D Printer itself. There was plenty of protection for the unit, and its internal parts (the rods and belts and gears) were secured via plastic, snap-on bars and several large, thick zip ties.  Assembly & Setup:  Since the first thing you see when opening the box is the owners manual I got the distinct impression the manufacturer wanted me to actually read it prior to assembly and setup. How dare they insult my geekiness! (I did follow the instructions because breaking a $2500 printer trumps gaining a few geek points) Assembly of the unit was painless and straightforward. The manual covered just about every step of the process with the only exception being when to connect the USB cable from the printer to the computer. (This is, btw, just an optionyou do not need to ever connect it to a computer)  Note on PLA vs. ABS Plastic  PLA plastic is a biodegradable plastic filament made from corn or some crap like that. Printing with PLA plastic is a bit easier than ABS since its melt behavior is a bit more predictable, or so I gather from reading on various sites. It is also stronger than ABS Plastic but there is a drawback... its more brittle than ABS Plastic. When ABS parts are repeatedly "bent", they flex back and forth until they eventually fail. PLA Plastic will snap rather than bend and eventually fail. Ive heard it said by people with more sensitive noses than mine that PLA Plastic, when printing, smells faintly like pancakes. ABS plastic smells like, well, nasty, old burning plastic. We all know that smell so if Im going to spend 5+hours printing out some complex part Id rather smell flapjacks than some toxic, puke-inducing ABS smell any day  Initial Power Up:  Powering on the unit for the first time runs what I call the First Run Start-Up Script. It walks you through the process of leveling the build plate (where the printed items sit) and feeding in the filament to the extruder head, and printing a test piece.  Leveling the Build Plate:  Leveling the build plate is the single most important part of owning a 3D Printer. If you screw this part up, you\'re going to have a bad day, mmkay? Go back and read the previous sentence again. Twice. Leveling the build plate ensures the extruder head prints the PLA Plastic in just the right amount. If the build plate is too close to the extruder, the PLA plastic cannot be extruded. If its too far away, the printed plastic is too stringy and does not adhere to the layer underneath. There is also another reason it is so important to level the build plate. The build plate is created from Acrylic. Even though it is relatively thick it can, and will, warp over time from being heated in one area while remaining cold in others. Some may see this cost saving step as a detriment, but I do not. Its simply the laws of economics. Some corners had to be cut to keep the cost affordable. This was one of those cut corners. There are glass build plates available for ~$99-$109 depending on where you buy it and I do recommend purchasing one if you\'re going to put the printer through heavy use cycles. I also recommend using the mfg.-supplied blue painters tape on the build plate. It makes removing parts easier and protects the surface of the build plate. I also recommend purchasing about 20 of these strips (less than $30 at the mfg.s site)  Printing your first piece:  Printing one of the designs from the included SD card the printer ships with is probably the best way to see if the printer is properly setup and operational. I recommend the forever bracelet and the nut & bolt. Both put the printer through its paces and provide you with an idea what they are capable of doing.  Mfg-supplied Software:  The software is not included. You must go to the mfg site and download the software. It is basic print-only software. It does not allow you to create or edit files. You can print it or save it in a different format.  3D CAD Software:  There are many different kinds of free 3D CAD software out there so I will not cover all of them. I haven\'t touched a CAD program since 1990 so I am approaching this as someone who is brand new to CAD and just wants to get started making things, rather than getting an engineering  degree before I even power the printer up. I will cover only the ones I tried, and I my rating of them is, at best, subjective and based on my personal learning curveYMMV, obviously, depending on your experiences with CAD software.  1  Blender (Freeware) Pro: Very powerful! Tons and tons of options and capabilities! Con: Overly complicated for the Novice user, in my opinion. To me, it was a PITA compared to the other CAD programs, TBH. I could print everything I ever wanted to print using the other programs below before I could master this software enough to design & print 1 item.  2  123Make/Design (Free online version. Design stuff right in your browser!) Pro: Surprisingly easy to get started with and create stuff quickly. Con: It sometimes doesnt want to let you download what you created. Its not so much a case where it wants you to upgrade to the premium accountthe wwb site just has some "eccentric" idiosyncrasies you must deal with, though they are tolerable enough that I often use this program.  3 -- TinkerCAD(Free online version. Design stuff right in your browser!) Pro: Also surprisingly easy to use and also able to quickly get stuff created. Con: Not quite as powerful as the 123 software, though it is close enough that I use it as much as the 123 software. I use this about 50% of the time and the 123 software the other 50%. Often times, I\'ll create in this program, then "tweak" the design in 123 since it allows a little more fine-grain control.  CAD Software Summary:  In case you haven\'t guessed by now, I use #s 2 & 3 most often. When Im done with what Im designing, I save/download the file as a .stl file and import that into the Makerbot print software. I could also copy the .stl file to the SD card and put it into the SD Card reader on the printer and print out the part without using the computer at all. (In case I want to get some gaming in while watching my print)  Failed Prints:  I have had 2 prints fail. In each case, however, the failure was my design, not a defect in the printer.  Failure 1  In the first instance, I started printing a part and realized that, because of my poor design, there would be an un-supported section that would most likely fail, so I stopped the print. (Think of printing a wall with a doorwayif you printed it lying down, as a flat surface, itd look like a flat square with a missing section, where the doorway is located. If you print it oriented vertically, the arch of the doorway is not supported and the plastic would dip down and ruin the print, so I stopped the print process about 1 minute into the print so I could design in support for the archway of the door)  Failure 2  In the second failure, it was due to my forgetfulness. I have an Ultra USB 3.0 USB to SATA Adapter so I created a USB 3.0 Docking Station to put it in so I can hot swap my spare SSDs. In the design phase, I realized it needed an internal width of 1mm larger than I initially drew it... When I went back into the program to widen it, I got sidetracked with adding some bells and whistles to the design and completely forgot to widen it, lol.  Sources of 3D Objects:  Thingiverse is a major repository of 3D Designs you can access and download to print or modify. There are thousands and thousands of designs available and you may find what you want to print has already been created, thereby saving you much time and effort. Additionally, there are many conversion programs available that convert one file type into another so even if the item you want is in a different format, you may be able to export or convert it to a language the Replicator 2 can print  My impressions after having used it for four days:  Im happy with the purchase thus far. And, Im also cognizant of the fact these printers require maintenance and replacement parts on a fairly regular basiswhich increases their cost of ownership. Its something you should keep in mind as well unless you have $2500 to just throw away.  Im having a lot of fun designing and making things, and Im learning CAD skills as I go along. The more stuff I make, the more I think, Gee, I want to make one of those XXXX too!!!.  I started with only the goal of printing some fan grills, case parts, and air ducts for my computer. My list has grown to 60+ items I now want to make, and the list keeps growing and growing and growingThis is a good sign because it means I plan on using the heck out of this printerand Id better be using the heck out of this printer for the price I paid', "The packaging was great.  The roll it's on is very nice.  The filament seems to be consistent.  It looks pretty nice when printed well. Good matte finish.  But the layer adhesion is horrible.  I was hoping that being a variant of ABS it would be usable for functional parts and not just to look pretty.  Unfortunately I had to throw away most of the parts I made for the intended project because they would break very easily.  I know layer adhesion can be a factor of temperature, cooling rate, and environment temp.  I have an enclosed print area.  I have a heated bed.  And I tried temps ranging from 10 degrees under the recommended spec to 10 degrees over.  It actually performed best on the low end, which was surprising. I used it right out of the vacuum sealed packaging that had a bunch of desiccant in it.  My theory is that whatever they blended the ABS with is decomposing in the melt process.  At the higher temps it just peels apart layer by layer.  At lower temps it's a little harder to get it to separate, but not hard enough.  All of the PLA I've ever used has been more functional than this.  Most of the ABS has also been better. (though I have tried some real junk that was not worth the incredible hassle it caused)  So far, the Hatchbox ABS and a local company called Coex have given me the best results with ABS.  The Coex natural ABS plus is incredibly strong.  But I don't know if the black is.  Often the Black has a lot of carbon or other additive to get the color.  That can degrade strength a lot.  Might be the case with this one too.  If you want something black that prints well for looks, this might do ok.  Just use lower temps like 220c.  If you want structural strength, look elsewhere.", "I have had my well water tested several times in the past, but am concerned as the quality changes seasonally.  Commercial testing labs charge over a hundred dollars and take at least a week, sometimes several.  Our local health department also tests, but only for biological contamination, and the cost is about the same as this test kit, so I thought that I would give this a try.  There are several test strips included and a vial for the biological test.  Some tests take a minute, some several minutes and the biological test takes 48 hours.  All were simple, and the directions very clear.  The only thing that I would add is that you need to take your sample from a faucet without a hose or aerator (or unscrew it) and wash the outer parts of the faucet and threads with a 50/50 bleach/water solution.  I have learned this with previous testing instructions that I have done. Let the water run for several minutes before gathering a sample and use only cold water.  Some of the test strips are compared to a color chart for results, while some are a yes/no indicator.  The results seem consistant with previous tests that I have done, and I was pleased with the results of the ones that I was wondering about.  This kit is worth the price for piece of mind alone.  Update on 4/13/2013:  I degraded from five stars to three.  I am still pleased with results of this test kit, however, after just purchasing my 4th in as many years, I am disappointed in two things:  - the price seems to have increased substantially - this particular kit was missing the test strip for iron, but had two test strips for copper.  Okay, so everything is increasing in cost, but the quality should remain consistent or get better.  Just how hard is it to add items to a box and snap it shut?  Who is doing this, people that can't read?  I'll try to call the manufacturer to obtain the proper test strip.  Failing that, I'll just go back the taking samples to the health department.", 'Update:  I have had mine for a couple of months now, and have used them quite a few times. So far, I have had no problems with mine.. They have held up pretty good.. The only thing I have seen is I double check to make sure that the outside locking ring locks fully into place when Ii connect things together. That is about it.  Original Review:  I bought this to go with my pressure washer gun that I just got. I bought a new gun, and after not looking really close, I realized after I got it in that it had a 3/8" quick connect fitting on it.. So, this is where this came in. It fits the connector perfectly.. So what I did, was put one part of this on my old gun that still worked, and the other end on my pressure washer hose. The hose that I have, is a standard one for a standard system, and the ends are threaded. I have a 2300psi gas powered pressure washer. It uses standard fittings for these types.. which are the M22 metric threads..  I tried the female end, on both, the male end that came with this setup, and the one that came on my new gun. They both fit perfectly, with no leaks or anything else..  The quality of the fittings seems very nice. They definitely did not skimp on quality, or machining, at least on the ones I got. They fit together perfectly and easily too.  Overall, I have no complaints about these.. I wish I could say the same about the gun that I bought. In any case, I found nothing wrong, so it gets 5 stars. I did not take any pictures, or measure anything, or do things like that with this, because, to be honest, people care about, does it work, and is it of good quality, with something like this.. And the answer is yes.. so I did not go into minor details about it.', "C.L. Foster and E.R. Rada have teamed up to deliver a fresh new take on historical romance that is sure to leave readers in awe. Heart of War is set in the majestic era of knights and kings and the Hundred Years War. Adalira and Bastian are the children of nobles with their hearts set on the battlefield. Adalira is expected to be prim and proper as a Lady usually is, but she longs to wield a sword. Bastian is expected to be a diplomat, but his dream is to be a knight. When they meet, they just might be each other's key to breaking free of the mold and winning their families over.  I had the brilliant opportunity to beta-read this lovely story and I fell in love from the beginning. The characters are very well-rounded and easy to love, each of them unique with a great deal of personality. The world in which they live is vividly detailed, leaving nothing to the imagination while allowing the reader to become lost in the story. I'd consider this artwork at its finest, a picture painted in words dripping with creativity, talent, and passion for the craft.  The collaboration between C.L. Foster and up-and-coming author E.R. Rada is genius. They compliment each other well without breaking the story. While they each have their own writing style, the chapters flow together nearly seamlessly and, if you had not known better, it would be easy to believe that this book was penned by only one author.  I am looking forward to the next book by these two inspiring novelists, be it a collaboration or solo work. If you haven't picked up Heart of War yet, I urge you to do yourself a favor and take a chance on it.  P.S. My favorite character is Ezra. I'd say it was almost like he was written specifically for me. *wink* <3", 'VG Harrison is as much a mystery as the novels that comprise the triptych PROJECT SOLSTICE (SECTION 51 is Book 1, DEPARTMENT 51 is Book 2, and UNIT 51 is Book 3). Searching for Harrison\'s biography only gives bits and pieces of inspiration for the novels; we do know that Harrison lives in North Carolina, has a day job, and writes books in spare time. Gender: not designated, though the Facebook page refers to VG as `him\' - and perhaps that ups the ante on the mystery that pervades this little work that adroitly mixes supernatural/paranormal, science fiction and horror. Now we have a word from the author about the concept of his current novels: `Project Solstice is a top secret initiative that explains why the government spends $20,000 on toilet seats and $49,000 on cuff links. The extra money has to go somewhere and this secret organization has been on the receiving end for decades, long before the Roswell Incident. But if you\'re looking for information about that or Area 51, you won\'t find it here. The "aliens" have lived in our fairytales as skinwalkers, vampires, and nymphs as far back as anyone can remember. Unfortunately, they\'re real. But, that\'s not what Project Solstice is about. It\'s about what the government has been doing with the technology that brought them here.\'  Still with one volume to go this reviewer would recommend reading the entire trilogy, of which this is Book 2. Not that DEPARTMENT 51 cannot stand on its own as a complete story - it can, but the background from SECTION 51 heightens the experience of delving into this book. Grieving of the murder of her triplet brother Ian, Ava Frost discovers a threat from the loathed Department 51 - she is to be imprisoned for bizarre criminal charges. Remember that Ava is an empath (an empath is someone with the ability to scan another\'s psyche for thoughts and feelings or for past, present, and future life occurrences). She learns that a sentient, complex computer program called Ian 2 has been imprinted with her brother\'s anagrams. But even more sinister, the computer is linked to her brain, sharing the same organic metal as her cybernetic implant. Department 51 wants her to disable Ian 2, but when an alien craft threatens the Earth, Ava discovers her brother\'s computer program may be the only key to deciphering the invaders\' intentions.  VG Harrison writes with language appropriate to the characters and moves the story along as fast as a space ship spinning out of control. Even for those who do not relish sci-fi or paranormal or alien tales, Harrison writes in a manner that remains propulsive. As bizarre as the characters and actions are, they become part of our psyches - polished writing such as this is a gift. Grady Harp, February 14', "Gray Sherbrooke was arriving back in Rhode Island for his brother's Trent's and Addision (Addy) wedding. Getting there just hours before and not much time to spare. He had wanted to get in several day prior but work kept him busy these days, in fact this past year. He hadn't met his cousin's son. and wanted to spend time with his dad and stepmother Abby.  Also looking forward to Mathieu's cooking who was his personal chef and would prepare some of his favorite dishes.  Kiera is attending the wedding, she grew up with the Sherbrooke's as her mother Annette was the head gardener and her father was Mathieu the personal chef. Annette and Mathieu and Kiera were really considered part of the family in away since they have worked for them and she had grown up with the boys and Allison the sister. It's always fun coming to see everyone and at a wedding is always fun to visit to catch up with everyone's lives.  Gray and Keira immediately felt sparks never had had before as they hadn't see one another since they were all grown up. They dance the night away. He asked her to lunch which seemed harmless or was it!! Immediately they settled into a relationship but wanted to keep it under wraps as she knew her parents would had qualms since they worked for 'them'. But soon his brother Trent found out who agreed to keep their secret but how long before the rest who know, and then there was Grays's secret which could tear them apart all together.  The book is full of romance, suspense, humor, it was a real page turner. The secret is not what I thought it was going to be!! LOL love each Sherbrooke book better than the other it seems. But in reality I love them all and just can't wait to read the next one,since Christina always gets us caught up with the family!", "This book was free so I thought I'd give it a go. I wasn't too I pressed with the first few chapters and almost stopped reading. Which is very rare. I've discarded maybe three books in my entire reading life before reaching the end. Trust me, I've read some doozies. So, I persisted and I'm kinda glad that I did.  It was an interesting world with some interesting and creative races. I read this one and the next two all in one day.  Cons: some of the situations could have been fleshed out more, there seemed to be a lot of easy rescues going on.  The characters were a little one dimensional for me. Not much going on in character development seeing as the books cover quite a few years.  There was way too much sex. Not hot, sweaty, thrilling sex which would be good fantasy fodder - that would have been good. It was just boring sex, all the time. I started skipping over those bits.  SPOILERS: Everything was just a little too convenient. The battles didn't last long. There were no truly meaningful deaths. The characters who were supposed to be villains didn't do anything terribly evil before they changed their tunes and joined the good side.  Except for the main villain - he was quite horrible - yet his demise was quite disappointing.  Pros: I liked the authors imagination. Cool wavy coloured magic floating around. Interesting creatures.  If you can gloss over the cons, use your imagination a bit and skip past the boring sex scenes it's an okay $8 investment for three books.", "This was a quick read and book 1 in a mini series. It was a good beginning and a little drawn out. At least there was no cliffhanger. I don't know if I would read more in the series. It would be based on price to page ratio. Overview. Jennifer and Blake have been married almost 2 years and they have noticed that their marriage has lost its spark. They don't know what to do to get it back. One night at one of Jennifer's work parties, they meet a French couple that invite them to their place to look at his art work. He takes erotic pictures of his wife with other lovers. Blake thinks it's beautiful. So when Jennifer and Haley come back into the room, they start talking about the sexual expressions. Jennifer gets turned on so Haley decides to make out with her. So the girls are in full make out and enjoying loving each other while Blake watches and Desmond takes pictures. Blake and Jennifer leave and Blake is on full sexual extreme. The couple have now started a new journey of love.", "Wow! This is the beginning of an awesome series! Jenna Lang has a dark past but lives life on her own terms. She's a brilliant computer tech, one of the best in her field. She has strict rules about her sex life, that you just know have to come from her mysterious past. Sex, no strings attached, never at her home, and never the same guy twice. She always has to be in control. Until she meets Rylan Archer. She fights the sexual attraction but finally gives in one night at a weekend convention. He offers her a job she can't refuse, but she lays down the law that it will be strictly professional. Will she be able to follow her own set of rules? I guess we'll find out in Forbidden Pleasures, but I have a feeling that her rules she's lived by may be broken. Will we find out about her dark past? I don't know! How long will Ms. Parker keep us waiting?"]
['I loved the original starcraft and was totally addicated to it. Starcraft 2 is just as fun with better graphics... if you are willing to go through the massive hassle to "install" the game.  However, my rating is for the ridiculous DOWNLOADING REQUIRED to play the game. Is Blizzard forcing people to DOWNLOAD THE ENTIRE game all over again, despite the contents on the disc?! This single 8GB Dual Layer Disc that you get in the box is essentially USELESS.  One would think when you\'re buying a PHYSICAL DISC, you could start playing the game right away - saving bandwidth/time to install the game; as opposed to buying a DIGITAL CONTENT where you have to download the whole thing.  Blizzard now REQUIRES you to DOWNLOAD an entire whopping 15 GB file to start playing the game.  I played Starcraft 2 when it first came out, but years later today, I decided I wanted to play it again and reinstall the game on a new computer...  I can not believe the installation/update is going to take FOREVER having to download this ridiculous 15 GB file/practically the ENTIRE GAME. What is the point of having the DISC now? It is worthless.  No wonder the game is so cheap now... you are basically buying a CD-KEY and an INSTALLER software without the actual game contents.  Seriously, what is this mess/deal Blizzard is trying to pull? The Update Patch is an enormous 15 GB! (imitates Doc Brown 15 jiggawatts!!!! I mean, 15 gigabytes!!!!!) If I was on 4G network with unlimited bandwidth, I\'m sure this wouldn\'t be a problem, but come on now... Definitely won\'t be buying any Blizzard games; I don\'t care if they\'re selling for a $1.  Having to download DOUBLE the amount of the worthless 8GB Dual Layer Disc, where it\'s essentially just a download launcher, is absolutely ridiculous bait & switch tactic Blizzard is trying to pull here.', "A 4-star rating for Entangled by Lex Valentine.  This well written story meets all the criteria for a MM romance, but does not have any surprises.  I recommend Entangle to those readers who like a sweet love story.  Lex Valentine is a reward winning writer whose writing is easy to read, concise and moves along at a comfortable speed.  Personally, and this in my bias, why are the lovers in most MM romances always handsome, over 6 foot tall, hung and successful.  The fantasy world is filled with gay men of this type.  If two guys of this description get together, why wouldn't they find each other attractive? Many readers of romance novels like fantasy and dream of finding and marrying the perfect man who fits the description above.  Not me! I am not perfect and I don't expect perfection in others.  The MM romance stories that have really touched my heart are those with characters who experience mental, physical or emotional challenges at some point in their lives.  Character develops as we accept ourselves and other's imperfections. It is a test of the love shared in the relationship. By learning to accept and balance our partner's strengths and challenges, love grows and the relationship becomes stronger.  It may sound like I am knocking this story. The author is merely writing what is believed to be what we want to read. I merely want to let good writers, like Lex Valentine, know what I would like to see in a more realistic MM romance novel.  What do you think?", 'Oooooooo weeeeeee.  Finally we get to see where life takes Kellan and Kiera, our crazy couple who we love and hate.  Well, I think we all love Kellan and hate Kiera, but we might just hate her because she has Kellan and well, we live in reality.  The story picks up where Effortless left off.  Kellan and Kiera are madly in love and the D-Bags are on the brink of hitting it big.  As we all know, fame and fortune isn\'t all it\'s cracked up to be and sometimes it comes with a price.  People will try to take advantage of your situation for their own motives and unfortunately, our D-Bags and their lead singer are their newest targets.  All sorts of people come out of the woodwork to take advantage of the hype that is surrounding the D-Bags as they are about to explode.  "Well, if I\'ve learned anything in this business, it\'s that you either roll with the punches, or your simply roll over.  And I\'m not rolling over for anyone."  Kellan never wanted the fame and fortune.  He just loves to make music.  But he puts up with it all because the other guys in the band don\'t have anything else to fall back on.  He sacrifices things for his band brothers because they sacrificed so much for him when they were still trying to make it big.  "It takes a special person to be able to handle all of the attention he\'ll receive.  Are you sure you\'re that woman?"  Kiera, of course hates the attention.  She hated the attention Kellan got when he was just playing at Pete\'s.  Now he was on his way to rock super stardom and the attention he would receive would be unparalleled.  Could she handle throngs of wannabe groupies throwing themselves at him where ever he went?  Trust has always been a big issue in their relationship, considering how they started out.  Could she trust him to be faithful?  Could he trust her to stick by him no matter what?  Would this all become too big for them to handle?  Sure it was one thing to be in love without the whole world knowing, but could their relationship last all the scrutiny?  Would Kiera stick it out with Kellan though the good and bad or would she run back to Seattle where things were normal and easier?  This leads me to the story.  The story is good.  Really good.  I was shocked at how long and thick it was (insert "That\'s What She Said" joke)!  But that didn\'t matter because I couldn\'t put the darn thing down!  You will fall in love with the characters and their development.  Some of them grow so much from when we first met them in Thoughtless and some, not so much.  You\'ll be loving them, hating them, wanting to smack them and wanting them to push you up against a wall.  You\'ll have these feelings within pages of each other.  It\'s almost exhausting, but so worth it.  S.C. Stephens did not disappoint her faithful fans in this last installment of the Thoughtless series.  I\'m sad that it\'s over, but I\'m ok with how it ended.  And I think everyone will be too.', "I started with the second book first(for some reason, but so typical me...) and just immediately fell in love with this author. I won't get into the story line as much as the writing itself. I LOVE her writing style. There was not even a second of the flow and/or story being too slow, too rushed, too boring, or too ridiculous. There were also no issues with sentence structure (and that is a pet peeve of mine having to correct poor sentence structure or verbiage). Character development was awesome, and the romance extremely well done. Many times I like the H much more than the h (and for some reason h's are not written as well as the H) but I loved them both equally. And the siblings? Just as awesome (and how much cuter could Bitsy get?!).  Over-all I would recommend this author to anyone and everyone. The only thing that might not be someone's cup of tea was that it was borderline YA, but just barely. The maturity level of everyone was such that you never realized how young they were. Oh, and another thing that I loved was that conflict was not over-drawn, over- the-top, or unrealistic. It was there, it was dealt with, and people moved on. No excess drama.  Did I mention that I have a crush on this author? I immediately  bought and read  the first book after finishing this one(and will write a review as well), and I just went and bought the third. I am hoping beyond hope that Ms Holly is feverishly writing another sports romance because I see myself jonesing pretty soon....!", "Hunters Heart: Garrett is at a cafe enjoying a cup of coffee when he hears a woman scream for help. He was hoping that one of the other patrons of the cafe would go out and help the woman, but no one does. So he leaves the cafe to go help this woman and it turns out to be  a vampire hunter who hunts rogue vampires to kill them or force them into their clan.  Garrett is a lone vampire since his sire was killed. Falling for an Angel an Angel at Large: Adrian is a messanger angel. He delivers messages to earth. When he came back from his last mission he was told that he was being sent to earth to see if he could find his one true love. When he asked why he is being sent to earth again he was told that Cassel has fallen in love with his mortal and the only way that the council will let him stay on earth is that if  companions Kaine who is a warrior angel and Adrian can find their true love but the only thing is that they only have two weeks to find and fall in love with the mortal woman without using their magic. Christmas Choices: Andrea Nichols broke up with Evan Harrington and his controlling ways. He would pick out what she wore, what to eat, the places she could go and who she could be friends with. Andrea went to a Christmas party knowing that her ex was going to be there. When she saw Evan at the party he started on his way over to her. She didn't know what to do so she grabbed another man and started to kiss him. When they left she introduced herself to Ryan. They went out to pizza so Ryan could find out more about Andrea and about Evan. Ryan and Andrea hook up. It's Not Enough: Liz saw her boyfriend Harry and Shawn having sex. Di told Liz that Brad is going to flip if he has to man the bar alone tonight. Di is Liz's sister.  Brad and Di are boyfriend and girlfriend. Liz and Di work at the Clover Leaf.  When Jeff Masterson walks in Liz ignores him at first.  Liz thinks that if anyone can help her its one night stand Jeff. So she gets up enough courage to go pick up Jeff. I truly enjoyed all these stories they were all right up my alley.", 'Finally, a strong heroine who STAYS a strong heroine!  I really do get tired of a strong, intelligent heroine who falls in love and basically changes all her feisty ways to become a lady.  This one doesn\'t.  At age 13, Winnifred is shipped off to a farm in Scotland by the wife of her guardian.  She is accompanied by her not much older governess.  They are left there for 12 years with little money and no servants.  Survival was hard but they planted a garden, did sewing, and raised a few animals.  Then the new marquess discovers their existence for the first time and sends his younger brother to retrieve them.  Lord Gideon arrives to tell them of their good fortune but is attacked by them instead when they mistakenly take him for a thief.  "Freddy" is not enthusiastic at all to learn that they are to travel to London, but agrees for the sake of her friend/governess Lilly.  The characters are all extremely well done.  Freddy is everything that I look for in a heroine.  I love that she does not lose her strong independent ways and refuses to settle for less than she really wants.  Gideon\'s sense of honor endeared him to me.  Meeting the two women and understanding what they had gone through because of his larcenous stepmother, he wanted to do everything he could to make things right.  I also felt sorry for him because of the PTSD he suffered from the loss of his young shipmates.  It did start to annoy me, though, when he kept refusing to consider marriage to Freddy because of it.  I found it a little hard to see how it related to marriage, but I do know that mental problems do not always make for rational thinking.  The witty dialogue between Freddy and Gideon kept me smiling through much of the book.  Freddy was such a character!  I also enjoyed the secondary romance of Lilly and Gideon\'s brother and, lest I forget...Claire the goat was a charmer.  For those interested:  I only remember one sexual encounter and it could easily be skipped over.', "The first book I've read by Abby Niles and I have to say one of the best paranormal/mysteries I've read in a long while. Good chemistry and good story. Although it's the third in the series I did not feel lost and everything was perfectly explained so it can be read as a stand alone. Detective Shifter Britton Townsend was punished by SPAC, the agency that overseas all shifters rules and regulations, and has to live 20 years as a human. However, as fate would have it, they have to give him his shifter powers back in order to solve a crime. Agent Val Calhoun is set as his partner but they have always seen each other as enemies, that is, until he becomes a shifter again. The idea of finding a predestined mate in PNR may seem too obvious for some but it's if played correctly it's extremely romantic for me. And the author does a terrifically great job here. The way each other realize how much they care for each other. And the fact they can't even kiss, that raises the tension a thousand percent! So many mountains to climb to get to their HEA! Also, once the first issues are resolved, and Britton has to go back, you felt Val's pain. How do you resolve their situation. Agh! Britton is one of my favorites charming rakes. He's so loving and charming and has intense blue eyes *swoon* One complain about this series is that I wish it was each was longer because I want to know more about their world.", "I loved reading TE2 , as well as the first one. I like reading and constantly being surprised. I love that the majority of the novella is by text message. There are so many little hidden double meanings. Jake has too many women, and too many lies. Why do I still like him? Don't know , I only know I had to go over and over certain incidents to try and figure things out. A phone left in a taxi causes all sorts of problems, starting with the med student who finds it pretends to be the true owner of the phone and texts back. I love the back and forth messages,but it can get confusing. TE1 starts with Jake and Christine, beginning with a wrong text . You've got to read TE1 before you start book 2. Katie, the med student, tries to take Christine's place from book 1, but ex ffiance and occasional lover Rachel is thrown in the mix too. Jake is a very busy man! I don't think I can write a review that gives this tricky, twisted novella enough stars. If you like to have to think constantly while you are reading you'll love this.", 'There are some lessons that you should have learned from your Momma. 1. Wear clean underwear in case you are in an accident. 2. Write thank you notes. 3. Take a hostess gift when you go to someone\'s house for the first time. 4. Don\'t get married if you don\'t know anything about the person.  You would think #4 should be a no brainer. But alas and alak...it is not. And that is basis of our story.  Katia is trying to make ends meet. She has a job she likes except for the s*** boss, she is taking care of her wheelchair bound mom and she occasionally gets laid. Her mom took care of her as a single mom her entire life. She owes her everything. Not exactly living the dream...but she is okay as long as her mom is okay.  Marcus is a sexy guy who sweeps her off her feet. Katia knows he is not a boy scout.  "He\'s smooth, he\'s sexy and he knows what to say. He\'s the true meaning of the word player."  Marcus is not an open book. He has a secrets and doesn\'t even pretend to be open with Katia. He has his own reasons for wanting to move quickly with Katia. But can he keep his feelings buried with Katia like he has with everyone else in his life. She\'s different.  And even though she doesn\'t know what she means to me, or what she doesn\'t mean to me, I know that I\'m the right choice for her. At least that what she thinks.  Marcus is one focused, self-serving SOB. He manipulates, lies, and doesn\'t apologize for it. How long can he keep that up?  "This isn\'t meant to happen. It\'s not, because I\'m Marcus Tandem. And I\'m falling in love with my wife."  There are lots of twists here. Quicky weddings, returning fathers, long lost families, crazy ex\'s, mob bosses, dirty money, sweet housekeepers, secret phone calls, and some steamy sex that ends in a cold shoulder. What\'s missing? Honesty and nicknames. No nicknames here. Nope. And she wants one so much. And Marcus....he is runs hot and cold. Like hot hot hot and cold mean cold.  This one ends with a cliff. Not really a hanger. Just a cliff that you fall right off of. Yep....cliff. And we will be falling until book 2.', "AT Dusk  I am one of John Meffords advanced readers. Although I received a free copy prior to publication, I bought my own as soon as it became available. Why? Because I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  AT Dusk, the fifth of John Meffords Alex Troutt series, is another must read book. Like all the others in this series, it is very readable by itself. I highly recommend getting the earlier books because you will find it so much more satisfying if read in conjunction with the others in this series. Alex Troutt is a kick ass female FBI agent. She is as tenacious as a wolverine, while still maintaining a strong sense of humor and a surprisingly soft side as a single mother.  This episode in Alex Troutts life reminds me of an episode of Criminal Minds.  it's more like watching a movie or tv show and not just reading a book.  John quickly develop his characters. Even casual characters are more than cardboard cutouts. He deftly weaves his tale, presenting situations and locations so real, you find yourself immersed in the storyline, caring about the characters as if you know them personally.  If you enjoy a well crafted story with realistic players and locales, you simply cannot go wrong with any of Mr. Meffords tales. Buy yourself a copy of AT Dusk... you will not regret it.", '"Jesus knew a little something about generosity. Generosity oozed out of every pore in Jesus\' body. He gave sight to the blind, hearing to the deaf, attention to the outcast, cleansing to the leper, food for the hungry, and even new life to the dead.  And in one final Act of Generosity that trumps all others, He gave Himself completely in death so that mankind could be restored and freed from the curse of sin."  In the present culture, generosity seems to be linked only to the Christmas spirit, but is rarely thought about the other eleven months of the year. Yet generosity is talked about as a signpost for the early Christian church. It was said in the New Testament that the early believers were known for their love for each other. Their generosity radiated out of Jerusalem to the spreading communities of Christ\'s followers. From there it spread on to non-believers and was one way the new Christians were known.  As a culture, we\'ve all but forgotten how to be generous. The emphasis on self help, self improvement, self aggrandizement is rampant and has to some extent curbed incidences of generosity with growing emphasis of distrust, whether one deserves the generosity given or not. That is one reason I find this book such a refreshing draught in a desert of self emphasis. Among these stories are incidences where generosity was completely unearned, unsought and unexpected--given to the individual or family telling the tale.  Many of the stories were reflections on such a case of generosity that it inspired the teller to live by its example. Some individuals began spreading generosity around quietly while others created ministries of giving. These are not stories of people crowing about their own achievements or worth. So many are tales of joy, meant to bless the reader with inspiration and hope. Human kindness is not dead yet.  One of my favorite stories was about a person who obeyed the impulse to purchase someone\'s groceries while she was waiting in line. She recognized the person as one who had come to her church asking for some financial help. What made the incident special for me was the writer\'s reflections about this later. The person she saw in the store hadn\'t made a very good impression on her. In spite of that, she felt compelled to demonstrate generosity anyway. Her conclusion was about obedience. God doesn\'t ask us to judge whether a person is worthy of our generosity. He just asks us to obey Him when He prods us to action. It reminded me of a conversation I had decades ago with a loving godly woman; we were discussing the term "used." Her point to me was that in the world, the term means to be taken advantage of or despoiled somehow. But in God\'s eyes, to be "used" is a blessing. It\'s our choice how we view being used. That short conversation changed my point of view and from that moment on I was determined to be obedient to God\'s prompts.  I hope you will take the time to read this little book. Many of the stories are endearing, motivational, and heart-warming.  Disclosure of Material Connection: I received a complimentary review copy of the print book from the author CJ Hitz and Body and Soul Publishing. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commissions 16 CFR, Part 255: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.', "Tristan is a douche, not gonna mince words. He uses women & then kicks them right out of his bed, but then we see the flip side of the coin that just once he would like a woman to make it a little tougher on him, give him something to chase, but these bimbos are mostly married or engaged & are just looking for a quick romp too. But when Tristan met Leah all those years ago she made him wait, she bantered with him & made him crave her company, not just her body. Once they finally got down to business & had the most fantastic night of their lives, big misunderstandings occurred. In Leah's mind, it sealed Tristan's fate as a permanent douchebag loser. And that is why in book #1 we find his brother Dre, his girlfriend Kathryn, and Leah all teaming up with a terrible plan that totally throws Tristan under the bus. It saves their youngest sister Piper but yet it was totally unfair to Tristan. Dre & Kathryn's wedding day approaches and that is why Tristan & Leah suddenly find themselves in the same city relieving their old misunderstandings. Tristan's father is completely heinous, to all three of his kids, so much so that they've shut him out of their lives. But the one advantage is they decide to finally bond together. Once Tristan gets out from under his father's influence he seems to make a complete change in his life - not really believable but ok. Can't really go from douchebag deluxe to suddenly being a philanthropist helping out all of Dre's friends! There are many interesting side parts to their story, like Leah's mom's battle with cancer & how she may be affected. Luckily it makes her live her life to the fullest & take advantage of this new opportunity with Tristan to start fresh & establish a real relationship with him! And we also learn what happened to Piper as a teenager. I haven't seen anything about the third book in this series & I'm crossing my fingers that it involves Piper - she is a spitfire & I'd love to see her get her happy ending.", 'Really 4.5 stars. I have slightly mixed feelings about this book, but my overall feeling is a strong "awesome". I\'d give the first half approximately four hundred stars, and the second half 4 stars.  Premise: Annie, a librarian, is the new one-day-a-week librarian/resources person at a local prison. There she meets super-duper-hot prison Eric Collier, who writes extremely sexy love letters to her on the sly. Sometimes she watches him take off his shirt and do pushups. They have a forbidden, no-touching sexual fantasy thing going on for a while, but then Eric\'s circumstances change, and things suddenly get all too real.  The first half of this, where Annie meets Eric Collier in prison, and he woos her through forbidden tiny flirtations and hot looks and then secret love letters, is so well-written and so, so sexy. I didn\'t know that what I longed to read was a forbidden-love epistolary romance between a bad-boy prisoner and a librarian with a past that makes her wary of bad boys, but dear heaven, I did. And it was great. It was so great the second half seemed less good by comparison - even though the second half is better than 99% of all romances.  Cara McKenna is an excellent writer - and I am stingy in handing out that compliment. Her prose is outstanding, her insights ring true, the sex scenes are often very human, very real, and not the same six interactions we\'ve all read about a million times. McKenna also seems interested in exploring the intersection of masculinity and blue-collar America and the modern economy, which is something she does achingly well (frankly, I think part of why I had a harder time with the second half than the first half is that the prison seems a relatively hopeful place, compared to the future possible in a dying rustbelt town to a man with criminal record.) And how often do you read a romance novel and think "This person is really saying interesting things about the role of masculinity in modern-day America?"  Like I\'ve said, the second half was not as wonderful as the first half. But it\'s still very good, and I loved the book as a whole.', 'First and foremost, the writing is absolutely beautiful.  It, alone, pulled me into the novel, but fascinating and highly imaginative world and plot certainly kept me going.  Simone is an ordinary mom of two boys and a loving wife who happens to also hear voices.  Some taunt her, others are having normal conversations that she merely overhears.  She\'s sure she\'s crazy, but her loving husband doesn\'t react as though it\'s true.  Then one day, Simone is visited by an angel and is told something she fears more than going crazy: she\'s sane.  The voices are those of creatures in other dimensions, layered over-top of one another which creates a tapestry that fits perfectly together.  All by That Which Is.  While this is a novel with deep-seated spiritual ideas and concepts, it isn\'t preachy at all.  The author focuses on an idea of oneness and love, not on religion where a person has to perform certain tasks or take on a certain role.  It shows and pushes unconditional love.  There is much I love about this novel, but there were also a few things that brought this down a star for me.  The main issue was the overabundance of characters.  With a novel about an epic battle between good and evil, there were a few characters killed along the way.  Unfortunately, so many names were brought into the novel, characters in and out of the main focus, that I couldn\'t mourn any of them (save for one, a real heart-breaker near the end).  Another issue is that this novel could have easily been longer and more immersive if certain scenes had been expanded.  For instance, there is a summary of "others" and legends introducing themselves to the world.  There is very little concrete description of these creatures or what they said or how the audience at these introductions reacted.  At least one or two should have have been shown in full-scene, providing the audience to feel the awe of the situation.  Aside from those two issues, this novel was pure pleasure.  Below are some of my favorite lines:  His green eyes burned like emerald fire against the dark canvass of his skin.  [An angel to Simone]  "My ability to intercede with man is limited.  Can you build a tunnel for the ants?  Even with all your strength and knowledge?"  Susan blushed to the very roots of her hair.  And there were so many more!  I can\'t wait for this author\'s next novel.  This is one for my Must Read list!', "This is the 5th and final book in L.P. Dover's Gloves Off Series.  This series features sexy alpha MMA fighters and is by far one of the best series I've ever had the pleasure of reading.  Even though these books could be read as stand alones it is highly recommended that you read them in order.  This way you get a better understanding of the characters and what has been going on since the beginning.  I will post the reading order at the end of my review to help you know the order.  What can I say about this book but wow you amazed me with this book.  I wasn't sure if you would ever be able to get me to like Kyle after everything he has done to hurt and manipulate the people around him.  It's been two years since his last match that ended with him confined to a wheelchair.  Things have changed and so has Kyle.  He's gotten the use of his legs back and now he wants to show his sister that he isn't the same person that he use to be.  To gain her forgiveness he has to first apologize and try and make amends with her friends.  Who just so happen to be some of the people he hurt the most.  Megan didn't know Kyle before his accident and his decision to change.  The only thing she knew about him are the stories she heard and none of them painted him in a good light.  In the past Megan was violently abused by her boyfriend and survived it due to help from her friends.  Megan vowed to stay away from dangerous guys but Kyle draws her in and she can see the change in him.  Things won't be easy between these two.  Her friends aren't gonna understand and won't like that she's dating him.  Especially due to what has happened in the past to her.  Her friends aren't going to be the only problem though.  Will Megan and Kyle's relationship be able to survive her friends?  Can Kyle earn his sisters forgiveness?  What about the other people he's hurt...will they be able to forgive him or is it to late and to much damage?  The other problem will test their relationship in many ways.  To see exactly what this is gonna do to them and how it will affect them then you have no choice but to pick up this book and read it to find out.  I promise you won't be disappointed in the trip it takes you on.  L.P. I'm sad to see these guys go and will miss them.  I take comfort in knowing that I can revisit them anytime I want by picking up my kindle and selecting the book to reread.  I look forward to seeing what you have for us next.  Congrats on another great series and I'm glad that you ended it with Kyle.  Correct Reading Order For Books To Get The Full Story:  **Second Chance series** Meant for Me (Second Chance series 3) Fighting for Love (Second Chance series 4)  **Gloves Off series** A Fighter's Desire Part 1 (Prequel to Ryley's Revenge novella) A Fighter's Desire Part 2 (Prequel to Tyler's Undoing novella) Tyler's Undoing (Gloves Off series) Ryley's Revenge (Gloves Off series) Paxton's Promise (Gloves Off series) Winter's Kiss (novella) Camden's Redemption (Gloves Off series)", 'I liked this story but not near as much as EG\'s first two books in this series;&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rumor-Has-It-A-Rockstar-Romance-Limelight-Book-1/dp/B00H28ZM8I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rumor Has It: A Rockstar Romance (Limelight Book 1)</a>, and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Picture-Perfect-Limelight-Book-2/dp/B00JE1YYAI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Picture Perfect (Limelight Book 2)</a>.  This story starts off so slow that I caught my attention drifting...I was daydreaming while reading!  I put this story down several times...something I never do.  What little action there is...well, it drags and characters are slow to connect with.  I kept waiting for something, ANYTHING to happen.  By chapter 10, I was still waiting.  We have two, young movie celebrities...Francesca Leon and Calder Fox.  Calder is a reformed douche and recovering drug addict.  He\'s a sober/recovering alcoholic with a mess of emotional issues.  He\'s trying to mend his ways from being a renowned manwhore of Hollywood...trying to salvage his reputation in the movie industry because nobody will hire him.  He\'s a real hottie and is perfectly aware of his attraction to women and fans and he knows how to work it.  He battles with survivors remorse, guilt and depression among other things.  But he can also be kind and considerate.  He\'s very sweet and understanding.  Francesca (Frankie) Leon is simply stunning, with her long dark hair and hazel green eyes.  She\'s the type that takes relationships seriously....she must feel emotionally connected to someone before she acts or pursues someone, or allows them to pursue her.  She doesn\'t jump easily or randomly.  She\'s dedicated to her work...she\'s kind and compassionate.  By chapter 17 this story began to grow on me a little bit even though it was moving at a snails pace.  And don\'t misunderstand, I like a growing romance.  But this one just wouldn\'t take off.  I eventually perked up a little when I read that Calder and Francesco had to pretend to "like" each other for publicity purposes while maintaining  their distance --- they had to make it believable that they were a couple to dredge up publicity for the movie they were both starring in.  I thought "finally...this is going somewhere...it\'s going to pick up the pace".  But... I simply never connected to either of these two characters.  It was too little, too late.  Their interest in each other wasn\'t believable.  Their attraction wasn\'t believable.  I liked that Calder experienced so many "firsts".  First time to really get to know a woman before trying to jump her --- first time to appreciate a relationship or even have one --- first time being committed to anything (people/friends, movie set) ----first time being celibate, etc.  As much as I liked him, his feelings of unworthiness and self loathing and thinking he was undeserving of anything overshadowed the plot.  This story was predictable.  A guy with a massive ego and issues doesn\'t want an emotional relationship, yet begins to feel more than he bargained for and faces getting hurt and relapsing (fall off the wagon).  On the "up side", I liked that there wasn\'t the usual misunderstandings or false assumptions between the two main characters...they were both open with their questions to each other.  If any confusion or wrong ideas from the paparazzi would begin to arise, they\'d talk it out openly.  But the drama was mild and not very interesting.  The conflict wasn\'t much either....more built up to be a problem that what was actually problematic.  Ms. Grace made lots of silly written mistakes that weren\'t edited out, like; "...he brushed my hair away from my house"...???!!?!?  It took me 4 days to read this story...that never happens with me.  Not with a story of this short length.', 'A wonderful heartwarming box-set that hooks you from the first page to the last by very wonderful talented authors. There is a little of everything for everyone in this set. I totally love these stories.  The Comeback Christmas by Melinda Curtis This was a very touching story of loss and finding who and what you are. A story of second chances of two people falling in love at a very young age only to find life gets in the way as they break each other heart only to come full circle years late. Do they have what it takes to forgive and love again. I love these characters both are about to loss it all as they find away to help each other and find maybe they need to give love another chance. As all books in this series this was well written. I had trouble putting it down. I have always been a fan of Ms. Curtis. She has done an outstanding job bring this lovely story together.  A Home by Christmas by Anna Adams Another sweet heartwarming read about second chances and finding out who you are and what you really want. This was a story I could relate to with life being so busy for each of us trying to find time for everyone is hard. So many life lesson these two will have to agree to as they find out the true meaning of love. I just adore the twins each have to over come losing their mother and fear losing their father. This was just a wonderful well written story.  Each of these that I have read are outstanding I cannot wait to finish reading this box-set. I highly recommend you pick it up as the authors gives you a taste of the true meaning of love.']
['This jar of strong glycolic cream is the real deal! I have a totally unscientific and brute force way to test potency of glycolic (or vitamin c) products: put a dab on a fresh shaven inner thigh. If it burns, it definitely has potency. This cream burned, OUCH!  (I washed it off that area immediately).  As for usage, the instructions are on the box, so keep it! (They are so short, they really should be on the jar). You are to leave it on feet or elbows 10-15 minutes, then rinse off. However, I use the instructions on dermatologist Cynthia Bailey\'s web site: use pumice stone after showering, apply cream, and wear socks for eight hours. Here\'s a little time and hand saver: wash hands, after applying cream (you must) and pumice stone at the same time. Two washings in one. And the pumice stone is much more easily cleaned sooner than later after use.  The result? Noticeable softening of rough skin on feet! Expect an improvement as early as after the first use and even more after 3-5 uses. I am using it every other day for a week, then a week off, then back to every other day, etc. Not exactly, but something like that.  I usually am skeptical about products such as this from somewhere other than a dermatologists\' office or authorized brand dealer, but in this case, I\'m pretty sure it\'s the real thing. Also it has an expiration date (some products don\'t) and the day was way out, not  anytime soon.  I hate pedicures! (except the massage part, I would pay for that if I could get it "a la carte.") This cream, and Dr Hauschuka\'s nail neem oil, are two products that can help keep you away from the cuticle cutting chair--and, at the same time, reduce your risk of toenail fungus that you may get from a pedicure.', "This book is NOT a simple light flirtatious read.  It has depth.  It has characters with honor, integrity and love that overcomes and brings healing.  I love Emmaline. She is strong and courageous.  She fights for the underprivileged and innocent flowers.  She visits wounded soldiers. She is amazing.  Drake is a tortured soul.  He suffers from PTSD in the 1800's.  He fears he is going to be thrown in Bedlam one day.  Then he comes to Emmaline's aid.  She is his betrothed of 15 years.  His betrothed that he has ignored.  She has become a wallflower because no one will approach her to dance or court due to this betrothal.  This is such a great book.  I laughed and I cried.  It does have a HEA eventually.  You will love this book.", 'I was asked if I would take a look at this particular book.  I will admit that I am not usually someone who reads self-help books.  I will say that the book is written in an easy to understand fashion.  It has many good points to be made in the respect of thinking positively about yourself and your life.  I also appreciate the author\'s desire to break us of the habit of seeing ourselves as victims or as the party that has always been hurt.  I do a lot of counseling in the realm of Pastoral work and so many times people believe they have been victims or everything is the other persons fault, it is never their fault.  Stop that thinking right now and Steve Norton hits that nail on the head.  So, why only three stars if I agree with much of what he says in the first part of the book?  Well, I didn\'t like his hype at the beginning of the book.  He has found the answer!  He knows the truth!  He has read everything and put it all together and come up with the solution!  That sounds more like a self-help salesman than someone who wants to help us change our lives.  I don\'t think he is technically that type of person, but it left me with that feel.  I also did not agree with the approach of simple self inflicted bad responses to our bad habits.  He talks about using a rubber band to twang yourself when you have bad thoughts or when you remember bad habits that hurt your life.  I guess I am more a fan of the power of positive thinking.  I turn to scriptural responses to help people see the terrible consequences of their "victimization" or their comment, "It\'s the other persons fault and issue not mine."  I believe that Nortons technique will work for some, but I am not a fan of it overall.  Overall there are many good points that Norton makes in the book.  So, read it with an open mind, but also read it with an honest question of how this will work for you.  In the mean time, you are not the victim.  You own your life and the happiness or pain in it.', "First- This is one of the most original ideas I have ever read. I absolutely LOVE this book!!!!! Gemini is the story of Zoe and Cade. Zoe has had a really tough life. Abused as a child and abandoned by the most important people to her during her childhood, she has built an almost impenetrable wall around her heart. The one place she lets her light shine is on stage while singing. Her band, The Eternals, is made up of her closest friends. We meet both Zoe and Cade on Zoe's 21st birthday in the club where she performs. When they meet she knows immediately he is her soul mate. Cade can feel she has been hurt in some way and realizes she needs to go slow while getting to know him so he can break through her wall and fall in love. This story is so fantastic I am trying not to give too much away! It is a story of Adam and Eve. Only here, in this time, they are called Zoe and Cade. It takes place in modern times and occasionally we see small glimpses in the past which helps to explain the story (the whys and what's going on things of the story). I really loved Cade. He was sweet, understanding, patient and kind. He had so much more patience than I ever could. Zoe was easy for me to like in the beginning. As the story went on it was harder and harder to really like her. She was funny, sweet, kind. She then turned way to self centered for me. As I kept reading I understood where she was coming from and I even started to agree with her views somewhat. The side characters were absolutely fantastic! I really hope to see more of them. Especially Micah, Julian and Phoebe. Most of the characters showed a bit of growth throughout the book. Zoe's transformation was the biggest. I really enjoyed seeing her go from selfish naive girl to a beautiful soul willing to put others before herself. I had many many questions while reading this book. I liked that the author adressed each one I had and explained it. I found my questions being answered as events unfolded. Zoe learned  at the same time as me. I found the book easy to keep up with time wise. There was no skipping around. Nothing seemed rushed or unfinished even in the end. There was action, drama, danger, and falling in love with your soulmate. This book has everything I love!  I have definitely found myself a new author to read!", "Grade: A  One Word: True  Beneath a tough faade, some people carry the burden of seemingly unmentionable secrets.  On the surface, Macy seems to have it all, a best friend, great boyfriend and loving family (even if her relationship with her mom is tumultuous). Until the night she encounters the mysterious Sebastian at a party. Only he seems able to see that her eyes belie the girl she seems to be. He knows it. She knows it and for the first time, she the real Macy wants the be seen. But, the next day Sebastian ends up on a psych ward for substance abuse. What could have been a one time encounter continues as she visits him in the hospital and the two develop a fast friendship and maybe more.  Like Macy, I've hidden secrets I thought too shameful to tell and like her, I've met someone with whom I had an immediate connection and no longer wanted to keep what happened to me secret.  I can so relate to that connection, I almost wish Natasha Sinel had forgone the romantic overtures in favor of pure friendship, because that type connection transcends romance, in my experience.  Sinel gave Macy an authentic, compelling voice. Her pain was palpable. She was a complex character, not always kind to her family, but what teenager is? Her underlying anger is certainly justified. I loved the diverse cast of minor characters as well.  THE FIX made me feel so many emotions on so many levels. Sadness. Fury. Hope. I keep erasing detailed examples, because I don't want to spoil anything for readers.  THEMES: sexual abuse, friendship, romance, family, siblings, parents, substance abuse  THE FIX is a story about people you know, even if you don't realize you have people harboring difficult secrets in their lives.", "OMG! What was I so preoccupied with that I didn't notice that a long awaited release of this book? I only noticed it accidentally this past weekend. I can't believe l allowed this little gem to go unnoticed for so long. I didn't even care that this was a rehash of the exact same story for the fourth and final time. All that mattered is that it was Liam's and Yuri's story.  Seeing things from Liam's perspective was great. I'd already gotten to know him a little bit from the the three other books. My anticipated idea of how much I'd enjoy this story was met. What made the difference was his sweetness and innocence. He was introverted, afraid of crowds, really big people, and loud noises. He wasn't outgoing or self confident or brave. Liam definitely couldn't fight. If he tried to punch someone he'd probably end up punching himself. But he could scream, louder than most. His three best friends helped as much as they could, but Liam needed someone just for himself, someone - a man who would stand between him and the world.  Yuri was just that man. He was built like a semi truck. Despite being huge and relied on by his brothers for his strength, Yuri was gentle giant. He was afraid he'd be too much for the little man that was destined to be his mate. Especially with the enormous secret he was hiding. Yuri was shocked by the his small mate's acceptance of his tiger and eagerness to be claimed. He loved that his mate wasn't scared of him or intimidated by his size.  As different as they were from each other it was their similarities that cemented their bond. Both loved cuddling, laughing, and a certain porch swing. Yuri's tenderness toward Liam and Liam's little cutie booty innocence are characterizations that continue to draw me to Stormy Glenn's books. If you enjoy this type of story you'll love this book.", "**audiobook review**  There are certain things about audiobooks that just drive me nuts. I'm not a fan of when a woman has to do the mans voice. But when she doesn't do it well, it throws the story off. And here is the thing that I think absolutely turned me off of this audiobook so bad I almost didn't finish it.... When the narrator sounds happy/laughing/excited when she shouldn't be. There were only two ways her voice sounded during this book- normal and happy/laughing. I know normally this would be ok but when you have a book that has a very large share of sex and steam in it, you don't want it to sound like the character is laughing. Our leading lady is full of spitfire and sass and instead of some comments coming off as smartass or sassy, they sounded like she was laughing. Instead of sounding like she was in midst of a toe curling orgasm, it sounded like she was laughing. This really threw me off of the book. I wanted to be able to hear the sass, and sexy, and steam and I totally didn't get it. I actually found myself skipping through chapters because by 75% I just wanted to know how the story was going to end.  Now as for the story, I'm a huge mc fan. There were a few things I didn't like- this woman was in the army, I can't believe she would let herself be in the relationship she was with Jeremiah. And she just continued to take the abuse. But Rachael did manage to still throw me through some major loops. Who her rapist was. What she was hiding. How bad it was. All surprising turns I didn't expect.", "Cathy had had a massive, brain stem stroke fourteen years ago.  She is paralyses except for her eyes and some muscles of her face.  Imagine, if you can bear it, that itch you cannot scratc, that longing you cannot voice, the loneliness of a life devoid of perceived touch.  To be aware of all the signals of one's body with no ability to act upon them seems the height of cruelty.  Perhaps I had not realized sensation would persist into paralysis.  One could not even choose to pop a pill into oblivion without outside agency.  The experiments of Brainbox aim to someday restore the ability of the body to respond to volition with the aid of an implant.  The story of this research is fascinating.  The future applications the stuff of sci-fi.  The data paints a panoply of human differential in neural structure.  One thing missing is the new research suggesting that movement commences milliseconds before conscious intent.  How this would impact the research is intriguing.  What remains is this fascinating woman persisting in the face of many of our worst nightmares.  In a world in which one researcher found that a large class of students would all receive a guaranteed safe brain implant to play video games faster, the future seems to be speeding to us at light speed.  This is a fascinating glimpse.", "Right off the bat, let's be clear: K.D. West is an excellent writer. It's nice that it's erotica, but even nicer when the person behind the word processor really knows how to create believable characters and situations, and them gets them offexplosively. My favorite of the three, Over the Top, features two gentlemanly fireman and a young woman from out of town visiting for a job interview. It's good-natured Southern hospitality at its finest in a tale set in Atlanta. You know it's a going to be a fun ride right from the get-go: West's lead paragraph is a hoot. My next favorite, The Visitor, offers an ingenious set-up for a young guy who is agonizingly hornyhe stupidly broke off with his girlfriend before heading out for a stay in a cabin with another couple who can't stop banging in the overhead bedroom. Let's just say they realize their rudeness and get sympathetic. It's a nice set up, and goes on from there. The third story, Truth & Games, may be the best written. But for my taste, it's more of a romance than erotica. The sex is there, but the emphasis is a love story (with a surprising ending that I won't reveal). Overall, West delivers in these three stories (which are all MMF, the only sexual combination that makes any sense, at least to me). Plus, there's a lot of bonus material, so you get a lot for your three bucks. I'll be reading more by K.D. West.", "Teenagers continue to be the bane of our existence. Percievers are no different. They can read our minds, make us do things we don't want to do. Teenagers are bad enough under the best of circumstances, what with ratting the roads, being obnoxious in fast food joints (and everywhere else), roving in gangs, being disruptive and disrespectful, and all manners of mayhem. Throw in the mind control stuff, and, well, they're a menace to be removed.  Thus the general British public is probably thinking with the rise of the teenage percievers. These percievers cannot read minds, nor can they control them. They can barely manage their own minds--why would anyone think they're out to direct others? No, the percievers can sense general emotions and sincerity, at least through most of this story.  Society is wary of these teenagers, so much so that the adults keep these special teens from joining sports clubs and most all school activities. Its the only way to handle things you refuse to understand, right? Except for the Cure, of course. While the band, The Cure, might well play into the emotions of most/many teenagers, this Cure is a means of removing the perceiving disease to restore the perverted teens to normalcy.  According to the commercials for the Cure, all the kids are super happy to be fixed and immediately turn into well-adjusted, normal individuals. And commercials never lie, right? Your results may vary. Wildly.  Our main character, Michael, has lost his memory other than basic functional skills. Michael remembers waking up in a room, trying to escape a bunch of men and <spoiler>stabbing one of them to get away</spoiler>. Eventually, Michael, a mere norm (non-perciever), gets hooked up with a couple or perceiving teenagers (Otis and Jennifer). More like they let him sleep on their couch. They decide to figure out exactly what the Cure is, and then things get wild.  Did you know that teenagers have a small streak of rebellion in them? Yes? No? Well, they do. Really, its true. This plays no small part.  The first four to five chapters were kind of humdrum, relatively speaking. Good in the modern sense of grabbing you and not wanting you to let go. Read enough stories that start this way, though, and it needs to stand out from the pack a little more. After this introduction, the story picks up, becomes its own. Some things I suspected were shown to be true. Others, to be false but supplanted by much stronger ideas. I grew to love the characters over the course of the book. Hate one or two, also.  This is the first in a series of books (four total as of this writing) about the Percievers. The author has done me proud in writing a book that stands on its own yet whets my appetite to want to read more of the story. Kudos! A strong 4 stars.  [also posted to Goodreads]", "I admit it:  I am a HUGE fan of Nia Forrester.  This is the woman who wrote Commitment, a book I have re-read about 4 times.  **Slight Spoilers**  Chris Scaife is rich, super successful and has 3 children by two different women.  One woman uses him as an ATM for herself; the other uses him as an ATM for her family.  Either way, Chris feels used for money.  This makes him cynical; gifts are his currency of love and caring with the women in his life and with his children.  Robyn is coming out of a bad divorce; after years of marriage, her husband is expecting a child with someone else. Robyn is somewhat broken and very fragile, but resilient.  She's a nurturer.  The best part of this story, if you've known Chris since Commitment, is watching him become an even better man (and he's really a good guy at his core) with a good woman influencing him.  It is slow.  It takes a long time and there are plenty of missteps.  But well worth the wait.  My only complaint:  I was left wanting more at the end.  But that's a good thing, right?  LOL", "Fredericas brother owes the Earl and can't afford to pay his debt so he betrothed Frederica to Gavin. That solves both his problem and Gavin's(needs money), but leaves Freddy to marry someone she does not know, so she sets out to find out about him. Many issues are happily solved as the two find an HEA. Holly and Noel are twins. He's a spy for the crown and she's a clever young lady. She falls in love and marries Hunt(a Duke to be). Along the way she gets involved on her own in spy business trying to prove her knowledge and spying skills. I really didn't appreciate her because she stuck her nose in where it should not be, but a really good author is able to bring those emotions out of a reader!  It does turn out well in the long run. Azalea,a 13 year old American, marries the second son of an Earl, Chris in order to protect her person and her inheritance.  Chris returns to England with his father but their ship sinks and Chris and dad are believed dead. Six years later, Azalea travels to England to get her inheritance. She connects with family and surprisingly meets Chris again. Her uncle is nasty and Chris has amnesia plus he is slated to marry. Many twists and turns as Azelea tries to resolve her personal and monetary issues!  I think I liked this book the best, but all three are great.", 'I admire authors who create characters who look and act nothing like them.  Ms. Cheever is a non-black author who took the leap into the BWWM genre ... and, in my opinion, failed miserably with the four novellas contained therein.  In the first novella, the she-wolf is described as "creamy brown," but much later in the story the same she-wolf has "alabaster" skin.  If my webster\'s dictionary is working correctly, the word "alabaster" is typically used to described white skin.  And then later, yes, in the same novella, we are told that she has pale cheeks. So which is it?  Is this a BWWM story or did the author initially create the story with a white character in mind?  Confused.  Despite the problems I saw with the first novella, I continued to read.  Yes, the four novellas are formulaic [she-wolf meets vampire/wolf man then she-wolf pretends like she never wants to mate then they come together to battle some great evil then they fall in love and mate.  Simple, but the problems persisted (for me anyway).  In the third novella, the she-wolf is described as "ebony" colored.  So, then how does a dark skinned person pale?  And do dark skinned women\'s nipples resemble cranberries?  Hmm... no.. that would be for another skin color or race.  After reading Ms. Cheever\'s stories, I really wanted to learn about Lupires and the vampire council.  Great story idea.  I would not, however, want to read this as a BWWM.  Ms. Cheever writes from her own perspective -- so most of her characters that don\'t look like her still have the same physical attributes (alabaster skin, cranberry nipples, paling when scared, etc.) as she does.  More importantly, there is nothing about these stories (other than the author describing the characters as brown, ebony, earth toned, russet, etc) that would lead anyone to think that the characters are non-white.  Does she have to write a story with a gum cracking, head shaking, finger popping stereotype?  No, but it would be nice to read a BWWM story from Ms. Cheever that made other BW say, "Wow.  I get it.  I do that too."  Although well written and edited with love, I didn\'t get it.  I\'ll buy Ms. Cheever\'s novels in the future because I think she is a great writer and I like her style, but not if its a BWWM novel.', "Let's Explore the Deep Blue Sea: Oceanography for kids. Deep sea creatures sometimes live in total darkness and survive in very harsh conditions. High pressure, small amount of Oxygen, very little food, and constant extreme cold. One of those animals is the Japanese Spider crab, it has the greatest leg span of any arthropod reaching 12 feet across from claw to claw. Japanese Spider crabs can be found at depths between 90 and 6,000 meters. Learn about the Ocean's Sunfish known as the heaviest fish on earth. Learn about the coral dwellers such as the nudibranch and where they survive. Learn about the Nautilus (not the submarine that Captain Nemo had) but the animal for which the submarine was named). Learn about the Sperm whale what is it predator, what does it eat and how does it live? Learn about the very dangerous Moray Eel where they spend their time and how they catch prey. Find out about Jelly fish, why are they so dangerous? Which kinds are dangerous? What are jelly fish made of? Learn about the fish that can camoflauge themselves in the sand such as the Stargazers. learn what these funny fish eat and how they survive.  My grandson is in 3rd grade and this book would be awesome for him. I believe this book should be a part of his extensive library. Something that should be a great read for him. He reads way above his age as he grows so does his knowledge of the world as did his mother at his age. Reading invokes imagination, knowledge from a foundational status. Reading makes the brain work where television arrests the brain function by not making any one think. I so do love these books for children and adults, making us think about what we can do and what might be if we open our minds. ****I am grateful to have received this product at a discounted or free rate in exchange for a honest, fair, unbiased and non-compensated review. If you feel that this review has assisted you in making your decision about this product or your shopping needs. Please press yes button indicating this review was helpful. This helps the sellers, as well as myself maintain a great relationship and the ability to be able to continue to give you the shopper a great relationship with the seller, if there is one.****  The only reason I didn't give this book five stars as it starts out talking about arthropods and crustaceans, I am not sure that the level of book this is. That those particular words are appropriate for this age group.", "OMG! I really didn't expect to love this as much as I do!!! This is my first BDSM. And it is not what I expected! Lol I even hid the fact I was even buying this on this from my friends never telling them I was thinking of buying this because I was kind of embarassed! Lol I expected it to be VERY HOT and STEAMY ( which it was very much so) What I didn't expect was to laugh my but off with the antics of Kiera and Daniel as well as it being so so romantic!!!! I mean stop your heart romantic. Lol Thier comebacks are HILARIOUS!!! Kiera is hilarious!! I love thier easy relationship, and kinky BDSM Daniel is very caring and patient with geeky Fangirl Kiera. The writing of the couple is very believable and very real not cookie cutter. I feel like I know these people in my daily life. Hell I AM KEIRA in a way. So I identify with her immediately with her humor And her geeky fangirldom. I can't wait to read the rest of this series. I guess I realize I like LOVE with my Kink. Lol And I hope she writes more like these! Excellent.", "Cake-designer Rhea can't help but be pleased when an elderly man and woman order a cake for their anniversary. They obviously have the sort of love she can only dream of--the love she thought she had before the divorce. But she's not bitter. Not like her boss. Really she's not. And a love like theirs deserves a heart-shaped cake, whatever her evil boss might think of hearts.  A quick dusting of precious sweetness from the sweet old couple's tin and the cake's complete, till Rhea's boss walks in. Then dreams turn to nightmares, in more ways than one, and Rhea's out on the street looking for another job.  There are some pleasingly disconcerting details in this short story as Rhea learns more than she ever wanted about secrets of the male anatomy. But the secrets she needs to learn are her own desires, and it's not her fault her guides prove so inept.  By turns sweet, amusing, dark, bitter, hopeful, sad and romantic, this little tale packs a lot into a small space, leaving the reader intrigued and pleased at the end. There's more to life than wishes after all, and more to the future than the past. This story should please as long as you're in the mood to have your emotions twisted first. I really enjoyed it.  Disclosure: I was lucky enough to get this ebook free and I found it a very enjoyable short read.", "Wow, I just realized that I have had this book full a full year without reading it. I pre-ordered it but just kept putting it off. In the past, I would read a Joanna Wylde book the day it came out but slowly over time I liked the books less and less. I was worried because of a scene I read in Puck and Becca's book featuring Mel and Painter. Becca witnesses a fight between Painter and Mel in a bar and I just did not enjoy reading it. Turns out that fight forms the prologue of this book but from Painter's point of view. I recommend skipping the prologue and only reading it at the end. It just ruins things a bit.  I really enjoyed this book more than I feared. Probably would have completely loved it except that I do not like long (years) of separation between the characters. I understand Mel had trouble forgiving and trusting Painter (not from cheating) but I was past ready for them to make up. Ruined it for me a bit. On the whole though I liked this book more than any since Hunter and Em's story. Books 1-3 super fantastic but book 4 and then Silver Bastard not so much. This book was somewhere in between the great group and the mediocre group.", "3.5 stars  Sebastien is vain and selfish-not maliciously so, just unaware of others outside his little bubble. He treats life like a game, never taking things seriously, until his sparkling world of superficial beauty is stripped from him in a violent way.  Marin grew up in the same world as Sebastien but she's tired of the fakeness. She's ready to settle down and have something tangible-a relationship and possibly a family. While Sebastien looks good to her, he's too young and immature for what she's wanting-or so she thinks.  Sebastien matured a lot in this story and it was an interesting journey to read about after all his antics in previous books. He went from very superficial to downright responsible and personable to others besides his family. He's full of charisma and charm, even when he was brooding, and I liked how his character developed over the course of the series.  Marin fell flat for me.  She didn't really come to life until the very end of the book when she finally admitted what she wanted!  Marin's lack of confidence in herself and her place in Sebastien's life made me want to smack her! When she said Sebastien was too immature for her..the irony of her statement was apparent seeing how she handles their interlude through most of the story. Instead of just being upfront with Sebastien and taking his words at face value, she kept questioning and self doubting to the point where I wanted to grab a shovel and help Marin dig the hole she was burying herself into!  While not the strongest entry in the Barnes brothers series, RUINED was still a decent read.  There are a few surprises, some angst, and plenty of humor to stay entertained until the end. It was also nice to catch up on the rest of the brothers and finalize some of their relationships with wedding bells!", "This is the first time that I've been taken through a vampire's transition. The way this was written, it was if I was going through the transformation with Aaron. His personality changed too, from kind of a nerd to a stud...a boy to a man.  Travis Luedke wrote this like he lived it. I could see the location, see exactly what the characters looked like and what they were feeling.  Michelle, was a hard ass but she had to be, being a female vamp and all. I admired her struggle between totally dominating Aaron or letting him grow as a vampire, she took the right path. The love scenes...heck not love...hot erotic sex had me riveted.  I couldn't even sleep because I had to finish, especially when Michelle took Aaron to the strip joint. That was a hoot! I'd think twice before ever go to a stripper's club, might be vampires about lol. I loved this book and so glad that Aaron and Michelle's story doesn't end here. Kyle was a trip and I would love to see him come back in the second of the series...which I will be reading.  Girls, when you read this, do not...I repeat, do not be a Delia. Look at your man and appreciate him or you just may lose him to some hot blonde and he will look better than you'd ever dream. As you all can tell, I really like this book...action, sex, emotional trauma...is what excites me."]
["Starting with the positives. The ergonomics are really nice, especially if your hands are on the larger side. Mine aren't, so I had difficulty reaching the topmost side button with my pointer finger. That's not a strike against the mouse, so much as my small, Trump-like appendages.  On to the criticisms. The bottom button started sticking almost immediately after I started using it (like within a week of light use). The build quality seems good on the outside (sturdy plastic shell and strong braided cable) but the internal mechanisms that control the actual buttons could definitely use another round of QA.  Second gripe: Razer Synapse and no on-board memory for saving button configurations, DPI, or light settings. You have to leave Razer's Synapse bloatware running in the background at all times, or your custom settings and button mapping won't work. The software itself is extremely bare bones, and doesn't offer much in the way of customization. The memory requirements and startup speed of the app are trivial, but as a gamer, it's more the principle of having yet another needless processes squatting in the background that really irritates me. Doubly so because Synapse REQUIRES signing up for an utterly pointless Razer account before you can even use the mouse, which is yet another layer of log-ins and DRM that stand in the way between you and your gaming.  In summary: Your mileage will vary with respect to the build quality issues, plenty of people have had no issues even after years of use. I wasn't so lucky. How annoying you find account-based DRM baked into your hardware will also vary. I'm obviously not a fan, but once you get it set up you'll probably be able to ignore it safely (assuming their servers stay on).  Personally, I'm going to recommend picking up a Logitech G502 instead. Similar price if you shop around, more functionality, better software, and on-board profile saving.", "This memoir is about cancer, but more so, it is about the deep love expressed with acts of caregiving between a wife and husband as each must deal with this terrible disease.  What struck me so powerfully was the authors gutsy candidness. Therault doesnt sugarcoat her experience in battling her cancer nor her husbands. I couldn't help but think of one of those team wrestling matches where each team member tags the other when one needs a break. The authors husband was front and center while she was going through surgery and chemotherapy. After her main bout had eased, the author jumped into the ring and took care of her husband as his cancer became active once again. Even as I felt the devastation wrought by their experiences, I also felt hopefulness, cheering with them throughout.  Its not an easy read at all, but Theraults memoir is riveting for its poignancy. I experienced her dance with denial, feeling her anger and despair as the blinders came off regarding her own cancer. It was stirring to read the segments where her anger shifted, and instead, turned into a fierce desire to fight this cancer, no holds barred. During each step of her treatment, Therault clearly defines and explains tests, surgeries, procedures, lab results, and medications. Often, I cringed at the awfulness she went through. At the same time, however, shed have me marveling at her strength and resilience. Even more engaging was openness. Throughout the memoir, Therault let me have a front row seat into her thoughts and emotions, the gritty anger and despair, and the wittiness that always led her back into hopefulness.  There were places in which the writer in me noted some grammatical issues. However, these did not detract at all from the quality of my read. After all, this was Theraults memoir, a very intimately-written account of her experience with stage III ovarian cancer and her husbands bone marrow cancer.  I highly recommend this memoir to anyone who is coping with cancer and to their loved ones. For myself, I gained an immense appreciation for the depth of courage that it takes for anyone to go through an experience of treatment for cancer.", "So while at RT, Jeanne C. Stein mentioned to me when I was chatting with her at the E-book Expo that her novella, Cloud City was going to be available for FREE during the convention. So later that night I made sure to download this one. Can pass up free now can you?  It was a pretty good story too! Sophie Deveraux, Belinda Burke's sister, needs Anna's help. She still houses the vampire ghost Jonathan inside of her and he's decided that he wants to write a book about this life! I mean, who doesn't want to read a vampire book these days? Plus it's about a real vampire too! But things start to get a little dicey. Sophie isn't too sure of their editor who wants to publish the book.  Turns out the editor knows more about Jonathan that Sophie thought. Apparently, Jonathan turned his great grandmother into a vampire years ago, essentially ruining their family name and all that jazz. He wants revenge. Anna is there for backup and protection, but it turns out Sophie has other plans than just trying to help Jonathan with his book and keep his...or her head. Sophie is going to get Jonathan once and for all and get her life back.  Anna is sort of concerned because she thinks Sophie might be taking the same dark path that her sister, Belinda took awhile back. But Sophie is so determined to get rid of Jonathan, she wants to be in control of her life and not have to share it with him, no matter what benefits housing the spirit of a once vampire may have.  This was a nice quick read. Very enjoyable, but isn't one of those that really ties itself into the series. Like not reading this novella won't leave you confused in a book in the series. This was purely just a fun read!  There was an interesting turn of events towards the end, that I didn't really expect to happen. I guess I was thinking something more deadly and sinister. The ending was actually quite nice!", "***I received a copy of this book from the author via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review!***  3.5 Stars!!  This is the second book in the series and focuses on Drea and Brody's story. These two are as different as night and day, but there is undeniable sexual chemistry displayed at every turn. These two argue a lot, but that just leads to some sexy and explosive making up.  I really enjoyed the relationship between these two. I thought that they were a great match, and I liked that it developed naturally over time. I was able to fully enjoy their connection and the sweet moments these two shared together.  It took Brody a bit to commit to the idea of a relationship because he had been abandoned by his mother as a child. On the other hand, Drea was attached at the hip to her mother as her caretaker, and just wanted someone to love and appreciate her. What she got in Brody was something better.  I enjoyed this book for the most part but found the suspense part of the story line to be unnecessary. It was confusing, not something I would have expected in a million years, and not something that I found interesting. There was too much going on with it, and parts of it were highly unrealistic. I feel like this story could have stood alone as simply a romance.  Overall, I would recommend this book. The characters were enough to keep me engaged even when I didn't really like or understand parts of the story.", "To me, this story was not really once of romance-it was more of obsession.  The primary male character, Damien, is an overbearing alpha male almost to the extreme-controlling and domineering...as well as hot, sexy, mouthwatering...you get the idea, right?  In sharp contrast is Etta, our lead female character.  A sweet, accommodating and naive young girl just turning 18 who honestly is not really mature enough and strong enough to handle the relationship she falls into with Damien.  Etta's character came across as extremely weak and not able to stand up for herself.  Because of these character flaws, when she gets involved with Damien he winds up controlling everything.  And while the two of them have totally unreal physical chemistry (and the steamy sex scenes that you'll find throughout the book are a solid testament to that), that's really all I can see that they have.  The two of them feel it is something stronger than love, something more, but I just didn't see how it could be anything but lust and obsession on a physical level.  Then there's Aaron.  Sweet, wonderful, helpful, loving Aaron who truly loves Etta and is willing to wait for her.  *sigh*  I thought the writing itself was good, the story did flow well and kept me interested.  And the tension that built and came to a head at the end along with the bit of a cliffhanger had me wanting to dive into the next two books to see both possible resolutions.  What holds me back from giving more than the 3.5 stars that I'm rating this first installment is Etta's character.  I just wanted to knock some sense into her, tell her to stand up and get some control.  Her being so weak and always giving in to Damien just drove me nuts.  I'm heading into the next two books hoping she is able to change.", "UPROOTED was an amazing and lyrical epic fantasy. Agnieszka is a young woman who has grown up in the shadow of the Dragon's tower and in the shadow of the Wood which is filled with danger and corruption. Each ten years the Dragon picks a seventeen-year-old girl to be his servant. At the end of that time, the girl doesn't come back to the valley. Everyone knows that the Dragon will be picking Agnieszka's best friend Kasia who is beautiful, brave, and talented -- but everyone is wrong.  Agnieszka has to find her way in the Dragon's tower when she never expected to be there. She also finds herself reluctantly learning magic and, even more reluctantly, getting involved in the bigger political picture. The Wood captures her friend Kasia and, despite it never happening before, Agnieszka manages to recover her from the Wood and clean her of the Wood's corruption. But Kasia is greatly changed by the experience. When Prince Marek learns that Kasia has been rescued, he pursuades (actually it is closer to blackmail) Agnieszka and the Dragon to attempt to rescue his mother, the Queen, who was stolen more than 20 years before.  This one has everything. It has a feisty heroine who isn't going to do anything the conventional way and who has a fierce loyalty to those she loves. It has a mysterious wizard who is tasked with keeping the Wood away from the human lands. It has a prince who will do anything and pay any price to rescue his mother. It has various other wizards of varying power and personalities. It has strange creatures. It has battles. It has friendship and love.  Fans of epic fantasy won't want to miss this excellent story.", "This. Book. Made. Me. So. ANGRY. Seriously, seriously, hugely, RANTING ANGRY. I actually read this book a while ago. Read it, blew up Val's phone with my ranting, and then pretty much dominated our next phone conversation ranting about this book.  It wasn't even disappointing. It was INFURIATING.  But why? I should probably explain that.  Well. First of all. When I grabbed this book, there was no indication--NONE, zero, zilch, nada--of this being book 1 in a series (or trilogy or whatever it is). Not on Amazon, not in the synopsis, not even on Goodreads. Since then, this has changed. But then? I went into this expecting a standalone. Now, I don't hate series or anything. I mean, duh. Series are great. But THIS BOOK being the first in a series. Makes me mad. I'll get to why in a minute.  Second of all, that synopsis is a dirty liar. The first part, with the car accident? I was interested in that. I started this book to get to that. It seemed like it'd be emotional and interesting and hit me in the feels, ya know? OH WAIT NOPE. That part doesn't even happen until like 80% into the book--possibly farther. As I said, I read this book a while ago. It took me all that time in between to chill out enough to write this review. But I digress. That second part of the synopsis, about turning to Johnny? OH WAIT NOPE. This book is not about turning to Johnny for help. Or dealing that that car accident that seems so instrumental.  This book, my friends, is a LEAD ON into the rest of the books. It is all of the background information that is boring to read. It is setting up the troubled past we usually get the summarized version of in books. It starts where Cat (I seriously just had to check the synopsis for her name because I couldn't remember it) and Johnny meet. And then we're walked through that all the way through graduating high school.  Honestly, if this had been done well I probably wouldn't be so mad about this. Except it wasn't. It was done lazily. The characters were so flat, and the voice of this book was nonexistent. It was monotone. I felt nothing. The writing, the story Cat was telling, got literally nothing out of me, except anger once I reached the end of the book. It was as if the terrible situations Cat was in were supposed to be enough to create a reaction out of me. Only problem was that I didn't care about Cat in the first place.  And then. AND THEN AND THEN AND THEN.  There is a cliffhanger.  So there's this whole, boring, backstory book that should really just be a prequel and stop pretending anything else... and then we're left with this big, enraging cliffhanger. I don't want to go into spoilers (because you may want to read it, though I don't recommend it), but the way the entire thing was executed FELT like a ploy. Read this first book of boring, get to the end, and then BAM--DON'T YOU WANT TO READ ON TO GET TO THE HAPPY ENDING AND FIND THINGS OUT???  No. I don't. I never will.  And looking at the next two books, I know I'd just be swimming in more anger, so it's really a great thing I have no interest in finding out what will happen. I mean, besides the obvious...considering the books are NAMED AFTER Johnny, I can only assume how things will turn out...  Sigh.  I don't want it to seem like I'm hating on this book because there was a cliffhanger. That's not it. I read books with cliffhangers all the time and love them. I love series and reading on and all that fun stuff. So the cliffhanger isn't really the problem here, it was just my breaking point when it came to this book. The problem I have with this book is: - flat characters - lazily written, boring story - attempt at emotional blackmail that was a fail - the complete lie of a synopsis - having to wait at least 80% of the book for half the synopsis to even happen - terrible, non-swoon-worthy romance (you know how important romance is to me!) - boring falling apart between characters - nonexistent character growth - ...AND THEN AN ANNOYING, USELESS, INFURIATING CLIFFHANGER  You see my point? There was all that stuff, and then it was topped off with a cliffhanger. Felt like a slap in the face. Thus, I got mad and ranty.  Sigh.  Overall, Johnny is normally a name I love. This book put a dent in that. I did not enjoy this book at all. I wasted two hours of my life on this book, and I regret every second. I'm not going to tell you NOT to read this book, because I can't tell you what to do, but I can say that I recommend skipping this one.", '"I know that I will do anything to save her from whatever is causing her sadness and by doing that I have a feeling she will save me."  It\'s no secret that I fell in love with Benjamin Chambers in The Art of Letting Go. I loved the book, I loved the characters. I loved it all. I\'ve said it a thousand times and will continue to do so. When I found out Anna was writing novellas from Ben\'s POV for some of the more important scenes from his relationship with Lilah, I was so thrilled I could have done cartwheels. This was a perfect start.  The Saving of Benjamin Chambers is a short novella that I absolutely devoured. I was sucked in from the first page and I thoroughly enjoyed finally getting inside Ben\'s head. From the pre-Lilah scenes to the first time he set eyes on a sad, beautiful girl that he was pulled towards, to the months until they actually met and experienced an immediate attraction to each other, the scenes and inner dialogue was great. Anyone who has experienced that type of immediate, intense attraction to another person will appreciate this story. Fans of The Art of Letting Go will fall even more in love with Ben if that\'s at all possible.  "She can thank me tomorrow or the day after that, or even the day after that because one thing is for sure, I am never letting that girl escape again."  Ben is sweet, sexy and swoony. I loved having the opportunity to see the events of their first meeting from his perspective. His voice was convincing and discernible from Lilah\'s in the first novel. Anna did a fantastic job telling his story in this novella. This series has humor and heart and I can\'t wait for the next installment in their story, regardless whose perspective it\'s from.  I received a copy of this book from the publisher in exchange for an honest review. All quotes come from the review copy and may differ from the final version.', 'I just couldn\'t do it. The characters were very back and forth. One minute the H would say how alpha male he is and what a bada$$. But then you turn the page and he\'s crying! The h was the same way. Here she is suppose to be tough and sassy but then the "bad guy" comes along and she\'s begging for someone to get her out of there and practly having a panic attack. The bad guy was such a joke. The author tried to make him out to be some sort of horrible person. By the way the characters acted you would think he skinned puppies in his free time. He was a book publisher!!! Yeah I\'m sure he\'s a d bag but they were all so freaked out. Nothing in the book ever said why he was so horrible. The said he can ruin their lives but no background information to prove he\'s done it before.he was just to over played. The sex sevens were ok. Nothing new. I started to skip over them. They seemed to go on forever and get nowhere. And the dialogue!! Holy crap! Does anyone actually talk like that? Take every stereotype you have heard about the south and how they speak magnify it by ten and you would have this book. This maybe a personal thing but I also didn\'t like all the different names they used for "gay". Overall just a big no for me. I won\'t be reading what comes next.', "So... I'm not a squealy, seal-clapping, cheesy grin kind of girl, but this book made me feel this way. I was Reece and Lucy's cheerleader. Big time. I've been a follower of Lauren Layne for a long time, starting back with the very first book of hers I read, Isn't She Lovely. I've always loved her character development, but this book was something else entirely. She didn't just build two characters for you to fall in love with. She built tension. She built angst. She built drama and lust and romance and a million other tiny, yet intricate details that sucked you in, surrounded you, and made this read feel like you were trudging through flood waters, clinging to the steering wheel with white knuckles, and falling back onto a grungy motel room bed. You didn't ride along with the characters. You WERE the characters. As with all of Layne's books, this one was INCREDIBLY well written, fast paced, full of laughs, a few tears, and so much freaking warmth that I don't know if my heart can take it. Seriously... Can't. Take. It. I'm one of those readers that can't wait to get to the end of the story so I can gush (and gush I did) but for the first time in a long time, I reached the last page and squealed/groaned/screamed (seriously, it wasn't a pretty noise) because I COULDN'T STAND the fact that it was over. And THAT, my friends, is a sign of a good freaking book. I'm still in that post-book haze, but as soon as that wears off, I know I'm going to want more. Luckily, I only have to wait until April for her next release, but that's still too far away. In fact... I'm not one to reread books, but Love Story just might merit another go-around. Or two... If I could give this ten stars, I would. Hell, twenty stars. It deserves ALL THE STARS!!! Kudos on another amazing story, Lauren. I lift my wine glass to you tonight, and I'll be thinking of Reece and Lucy as I sip my moscato.", "Leave Me Love is the second book in the Call Me Cat trilogy, and the most action-packed so far. Catelyn Travis is one step closer to finding out who her parents' killer is once and for all. She has stepped up her game, this time attempting to coax the killer out with small amounts of misinformation. When it seems like she has reached a dead end, her best friend goes missing and the blame falls on her. Nothing is as it seems and you will find yourself questioning reality as the plot thickens.  There were some spelling errors and some grammatical errors, but the story progression was unhindered and still highly enjoyable.  This story and its prequel are meant to be enjoyed by adults only due to graphic sexual encounters. I'd like to give it a trigger warning as well due to animal abuse, sexual abuse, and some graphic depictions of violence.  Overall, I loved the story. The suspense is all-consuming from cover to cover and the ending is heart-stopping. I found myself immersed in the tale, feeling fearful for the characters and questioning my sanity from beginning to end. I can't wait for the final book in the trilogy. After reading Leave Me Love, it's apparent that Tell Me True has a lot to live up to. Karpov Kinrade are exponentially more talented together than I could have ever imagined. Their ability to write in such a diverse selection of genres has solidified their place on my 'favorites' shelf next to a handful of the most talented indie authors in the business.", "Where to even begin? Well, I suppose that I have to start by saying that I LOVE THIS BOOK! I read the short story that this was born from in Bite Sized Offerings Anthology and already fell in love with some of the characters. Here we meet new ones with a more adult themed book. The character building was top notch and the same can be said for the storyline. Fast paced and action packed! There were no lulls at all, in fact I read it in two sittings giving up much needed sleep because I simply could not put it down. I laughed, choked back a few tears and even gnawed on some fingernails during the read! This author has such a way with words. Her explanations and descriptions are such that they play out like a movie in your mind's eye. She has some funny insults, quips and sayings that I filed away for future use. I cannot wait for book two. It can't release soon enough. It is rare that I buy the paperback of an eBook that I already own--maybe one in 40 books or more. But this is a genuine new favorite and I will definitely be buying the hardcopy and also reading anything else by this relatively new and very talented author. I highly recommend this book be at the top of your TBR list! Enjoy!", "I thoroughly enjoyed this debt novel by CW Nightly! BDSM Romances are my absolute favorite genre to read and I highly recommend this book to all fans of Kinky Romance!  Mercy Winters is a woman on the run. Fearing a her abusive sociopathic ex-boyfriend, Alex. She leaves without a trace from her home in Florida in search of a new start in New York City.  Aiden Booth is the wealthy, handsome and caring dominant. He lost his fianc and submissive in a tragic accident a year ago. After a year of loneliness and over working he's ready to move on with his life.  Fate  Mercy gets a temp job at an advertising agency owned by Aiden. When they first meet they both share an instant and powerful attraction. Mercy fights her feelings at first but gives in to the possibility of love and trusting a man with her submission.  Aiden would do anything to make Mercy feel happy, safe and loved. Especially when he gets a threat from her ex Alex, who is coming to kidnap her and take what belongs to him.  They both find the strength to fight for their happily ever after! This is a wonderful story about finding love and healing each others painful pasts. A beautiful love story!", 'This review is for "Grain Free Diet: The Complete Grain Free Cookbook for a Healthy Diet and Grain Free Eating"  I\'ve been eating pretty healthy rest of my life so far thanks to my awesome parents and their constant constant homemade meals. I have them to thank for my love for natural, whole foods. Overall I really enjoy this book. It\'s quick and easy to read and follow. I also enjoy reading the few first chapters about food and nutrition overall. I\'ve learned a few things and so far it\'s been really informational. Basically things I eat anyway but now I\'m wielding out all the bad stuff. I\'ve tried some salmon recipes and they were clean yet delicious! All the other recipes sound delicious as well and I can\'t wait to try. This book is great is you enjoy cooking with whole ingredients. Cooking level in this book is extremely easy even for beginners. Also when I eat healthy like this at home I don\'t feel as guilty when eating out. I can pig out and still be okay.  **I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.**', "Infected by Jessica Gomez was a good book. I really enjoyed it. There were parts that kept me on the edge of my seat. Honestly, Im not into zombies; however, the story wasn't about zombies. Not really. Its more about survival than anything else.  When the FLASH happened, it killed most of the population. Some of the people who had survived became almost monstrous, zombie-like.  Creepy.  There were parts in this tale that had my heart racing, and I couldn't wait to see what happened next. I felt bad for the main character Lillie because all of her life she had nobodyeven before the FLASH happened. She grew up in foster homes and left at an early age to be on her own. When all hell broke loose, Lillie had no one to turn to, so she survived on her own. She ended up pregnant after she was raped and became a mother. She named her daughter Azami who was the light in Lillies dark world. One day, they came across Jamesa boy who was also surviving on his own. I like James and Lillie. It was cool how they became their own little family. Then a year later they decided to head to a place James older brother used to talk about before the apocalypse happened. James had high hopes his brother would be there since he couldn't find him after the FLASH.  Im going to stop there because I don't want to give away any spoilers, but lets just say Lillie doesnt have good luck, and what she and James find when they reach their destination rocks her world.  This is a good story about survival, love, and trust. Im glad I read it, and Im looking forward to reading the next book in this series.", "I wasn't sure what to think of Amy starting this book. A smart, broken and beautiful girl who chooses to do a foolish thing once a year, due to her past.  Matthew, an apparent womanizer that treats them as eye candy just because he can and because they entertain him. After meeting Amy on her lowest moment their relationship develops very quickly. Which was strange to me considering her background. Soon after she start working for him and during a conference he invites Amy to participate and take notes, he muted the call to simply tell Amy how gorgeous she was, gets back to the call, but signals her to unbotton her blouse so he can feast and fantasize whilst listening to his boring call.... So condescending and unreal.  Although she's aware of Matthew's womanizing background -  a player, not only does she open the buttons of her blouse per his request, but also opens her legs to him and allows him to fondle her to an O, while attending to the call and not even looking at her..... who does or allows that!?! Okay, he's apparently incredibly hot, incredibly rich, incredibly successful, brooding, demanding and she has the hots for him, but damm girl, play a little hard to get!!!  By the end of book 1, her secret is out. Which made me feel more  puzzled for her easy behaviour and how quickly her relationship with Matthew developed without really knowing one another. I also found her language/phrases with someone she barely knew and thereafter a bit outlandish considering she had a traumatic experience, her language in the heat of the moment was borderline vulgar instead of seductive. To me, her character and her behaviour was sorta strange for being a victim of abuse.  Book two was much a continuation of book one, a lot of words, but no closer to them knowing more about each other and the what the rivalry between Craig and Matthew meant if anything, therefore dragging this read further until it's end with an interesting twist when Amy's abuser is hired to be the CFO at Craig's company. Which speaks to the lack of character development and Amy being too obtuse to follow instincts she had from the start.  In book 3 the story finally starts to fall into place, the plot got some fire under it and I found myself enjoying the read instead of skipping pages as I had. For much of it, Amy's relationship with Matthew still needed more development. But the connection between Amy, Matthew, Craig, her abuser, Rebecca and the rival engineering corporations finally started to connect making sense for an interesting ending at least.  So overall it was an ok read.", 'I absolutely loved this book. It was fantastic, wonderful, funny, sexy. I laughed. I cried. I sighed. The only thing that would make it better would be to make it longer. I have enjoyed every book by Sosie Frost. I can\'t say enough about this story. How many adjectives can you say without repeating? I can say I loved this book. I\'d highly recommend it. I thought Cole was going to be a jerk. But he was so much more. Piper was the one thing he was missing but didn\'t know he needed. I\'ll definitely add this to my "read again" list. Great pick me up. "What if you heal me?"  That\'s all I\'m going to say.', 'This review is of Rescue Me: TREX Book 2 by Allie K. Adams.  The Story:The book begins with the hero of the book, Spencer Allen, leading his team from TREX (Tactical Recovery EXperts, a shadowy organization that recovers things and people and is not beholden to or regulated by any government) trying to rescue a child, Tommy Miller, age 6, from three kidnappers, two men and woman. When Spencer and his team arrive where they think the child is being held, they find three dead bodies-ostensibly the kidnappers-but no Tommy.  What could have happened? Needing help, Spencer calls in his ex-lover Kathryn Louise Kat Davis, the heroine of the book and owner/co-founder of K-SAR, a private search-and-rescue company. Kat founded the company after she herself was lost and nearly not found.  Kat knows that Spencer works for TREX, but she is not privy to any information about his work, because they are essentially competitors. This caused a rift in their personal relationship. Back on the Miller case, things take a turn when they discover that Tommy may be wounded, and his grandfather, Martin-who is on the TREX Board of Directors-Tommys mother, Martha, and her boyfriend, Damon Salazar, show up unexpectedly. Damon, it turns out, is involved with Tommys kidnapping; the level of Damons involvement is still to be determined. Meanwhile, Spencers relationship with Kat-they nearly have sex while on the search-is causing more problems for him with TREX; his supervisor, Dan Weber,  threatens to fire Spencer if he cant keep his relationship with Kat from interfering with his job.  Things take yet another turn when Weber informs Spencer that someone is threatening Kat. Spencer is told not to tell her about the threats, which wouldnt be the first thing hes kept from her. Tragedy strikes TREX when, while on a stakeout, one member of Spencers team is killed and another gravely wounded, making Spencer, not for the first time, question whether he wants to put Kat through what he went through. The subject of that stakeout, Salazar, then calls Kat claiming that a friend of his is missing; when TREX finds the man, Sam Green, he tells them about a shadowy group with big plans to take over the world. During this interrogation, Kat overhears a secret that Spencer kept from her; it results in her breaking up with him. Later, Green ends up dead, killed by the same organization he belonged to.  After further threats on Kats life-her SUV is blown up, among other things-Spencer takes Kat into hiding. However, this doesnt keep Kat safe as she is kidnapped by the mastermind of the Order, the shadowy group and one of its members, Damon Salazar, who is in cahoots with the mastermind, whose identity is fairly obvious to anyone who pays attention. The mastermind straps a bomb to Kat and leaves her out in the wild. Spencer rescues Kat, then a violent confrontation happens. The mastermind is killed and Spencer is shot and seriously wounded, but survives, and he and Kat have their Happily Ever After.  Theres a great deal to love about this book. It is definitely romantic suspense, with a lot of suspense. Kat and Spencer are both strong characters. If there is one flaw in the book, it is that the mastermind is too easy to spot; I figured out their identity mid-book. There are also spelling typos that probably should have been corrected in the ebook version I own.  Sex: Several pretty hot love scenes, although still not as hot as I would like.  Violence: A lot of it. Multiple shootings, killings. Only toward the end is the violence fairly graphic. Be also advised that there is a great deal of coarse language and sexual profanity.  Bottom Line: One of the best romantic suspense novels Ive read.', "This book contains 2 novellas.... The Crown of the Queen by Jeffe Kennedy... 3.5 stars and The Undying King by Grace Draven... 5+ stars  I have to say if I'd read Jeffe Kennedy's The Twelve Kingdoms series, I probably would've adored The Crown of the Queen. But... I haven't read anything by this author so I was completely lost. There was just too much everything happening regarding crowning a new queen and all the information regarding a huge cast of characters I'd never met before. It's told through the eyes of Dafne, the librarian, and even though the writing is good, I felt like I was just slogging through it, waiting for the romance to start. This was supposed to be a 'romance', but aside from a man flirting with her as they danced and giving her a good-bye kiss in the beginning, that was all the romance there was. I kept reading and reading and wondering why Dafne's HEA hadn't been introduced. Then I started wondering if maybe Dafne was telling the story of the queen's romance with her consort, but that wasn't really it either. In the end, this novella seems like a backstory bridge to another book, which it probably is. As I said before, I might've loved this if I'd read the series.  On to the reason I bought this book... The Undying King. After falling madly in love with Radiance and every other book Grace Draven has written, she is now one of my auto-buy authors. This story is full of love, loss and redemption and my heart broke for both Cededa and Imogen.  Cededa the Fair, or Cededa the Butcher... The Undying King... are perfect names for a king who is unbelievable gorgeous and also who would do anything, ANYTHING, to save his kingdom. He had fallen into myth.. a kingdom lost to time. Imogen is cursed with the touch of death--anyone who touches her skin dies--so she's never known the touch of a lover and never expected to. She's given a key to find his kingdom and told only The Undying King can remove her curse.  There are other plots within plots going on as well, because Imogen is not just some lowly witches' apprentice/daughter and Cededa's kingdom is rumored to hold treasures untold. Retrieving Imogen from Cededa's kingdom becomes another man's quest.  The romance between Imogen and Cededa builds slowly and sweetly and I loved every minute of it. This story is written with such rich imagery, I felt I could see Cededa's kingdom on every page.  I would've purchased this book for The Undying King alone, but I'm glad to have been introduced to Jeffe Kennedy's The Twelve Kingdoms series through The Crown of the Queen.", "This book was disappointing as I expected more insight into Christian.  What I got was a repeat of Fifty Shades of Grey.  I've read that already.  And although I don't mind rereading certain passages and dialog, I enjoyed his interactions with his family, employees, and business associates.  He had a life apart from Ana, gazillionaire, right?  So it would be more entertaining, to me, to read more about his business and family dynamics.  It was nice to read the flashbacks with Grace and Christian.  Clearly Christian and Elliot communicate, but we see very little.  It's the same with Ros and Andrea, and even Taylor.  It wasn't enough for me.  Even though it was better written, I expected more.  It was boring, because I read it before.  At the end of the third book, it was nice to read Christain's first meeting of Ana, from his perspective.  But this was ber dull.  If she continues to write the same way with the other books, I won't buy it.  Actually it was a waste of money.  You could just buy either book FSOG or Grey and basically get the same story."]
['As a person who\'s been playing for over 30 years and has an even dozen Strats currently in the arsenal, I can say this is a decent product for the money.  As others have suggested, the saddles alone are worth the price and the bridge plate and the quality of the chrome plating are decent as well.  If I have any niggle at all, it\'s the block.  Ok, let me say here that it -IS- a definite improvement over the blocks that came on the Mexican Strats in the 90\'s and early 00\'s...that same half-sized block that comes on many Squiers.  If your Strat currently has one of these, you will notice an immediate improvement in tone and sustain.  Like others have said, I too feel that next to pickups, upgrading a Strat trem is probably the best investment you can make in your axe.  Aside from the block obviously being heavier, the bridge plate itself is also thicker and the saddles and screws are very high quality...all of this contributes to better tone and better sustain.  That said however, this just isn\'t a steel block either.  If you\'re looking for truly significant upgrade to your Strat, along with this bridge, you may wish to spend the extra $20 to get a GFS steel block, if not an extra $70 for a Callaham (still not sure what they do differently other than "cold rolled steel" but the Callaham blocks ARE worth every penny!).  That said, while I haven\'t tried one of these bridges with a Callaham yet (beyond the stock bridge on my \'96), I do have two of these bridges with the GFS blocks...they bolted right up without any problem.  The heavier zinc blocks make pretty decent paper weights :-)  While somewhat subjective, I will also say that these make wonderful replacements for older Mexican Strats as well.  Ok...I\'ll admit it...I have a chrome fetish and I just do NOT care for that "relic/road worn" look where everything is all rusted out.  I\'ve forked out quite a bit of money for my instruments over the years and I like to keep them looking as good as possible...and it just ain\'t cool if the chrome don\'t shine!  If you\'re like me and really want your axe to look good, that $20 is well worth the elbow grease of trying to bring back old saddles and rusted plates.  Since I have seen a comment or two regarding this, please be aware that these are designed as replacements for Fender MEXICAN STANDARD Strats....they may or may not fit other Strats without modification.  Particularly if you\'re looking to upgrade a Squier, you\'ll want to measure your string and screw spacing VERY carefully BEFORE ordering, to make sure this bridge will actually fit.  Some Squiers do use the Mexican spacing (such as the MIM Squier Series) but many do not...while most are still metric, some do have a different screw spacing and some of the older Squiers from the mid-80\'s (like the Japanese E-series) even use vintage American spacing.  Don\'t assume that just because it\'s metric, that it will actually fit the axe if it\'s something other than an MIM Standard.  So over-all, this really is a decent upgrade for an older Strat and well worth the money, however I\'m knocking one star off my review because of those zinc blocks...if they were to charge a couple dollars extra and include a steel block, they\'d be a MUCH better value.', "Dream Girls is a one of a kind story that will really hold your attention and never let go! As a fan of The TV series The Bachelor, this book really caught my eye. It was perfect, truly a wonderfully fun love story with a bachelor to die for!! There were so many snarky moments, this book had me gasping aloud and laughing the next! Ill admit she did have me crying around 80% and kinda through the ending! I LOVED this book!  I also need to mention that this is my first book by Ms Alvarez and it certainly won't be the last. Im going to her amazon page now and #1clicking everything!  She has a way with words that literally make you feel for the characters. I was hanging on, literally flipping pages as quick as I could to find out what happened next!  Oh! She can write the naughty like your kindle will catch on FIRE. It is so hot I found myself blushing and looking around to make sure I was indeed alone. Like I didn't want to be caught reading something so sexy and hot! Lots of yummy spankings and yummy sexy scenes that will make you melt!  Overall this was a fun sexy book that I will be reading over and over again! I want this in paperback too! Just look at that cover! Yummy!  I want more of Chloe and Dom! Please! Highly Recommend!", "The End to Where it all Began  I must say I always love a HEA after the mind blowing story. The HERS series is one of my favorites, it's ABOUT THAT LIFE. Whether it was the HOT sex scenes Dawn brought to life in this series; (Finding Willow, the Motorcyle scene...need I say more).It was the filthy sarcastic mouth of Seven James <<<< I Love her! Don't forget the sexiness that all of her characters brought in this series. What got me hooked was and is the realness of the all the worlds portrayed in this series.  FACT meets FICTION is a hell of a way to tell a story. I know people that read this might say, well yeah. Noooo, this is how it is in those worlds. The Professional Kink Mistress = The badass powerhouse woman that takes no ISH from no one. Even if her world collides at the fate of someone else unfortunate history. A SUIT MOGUL = A sexy no nonsense male sub that only likes his women Seven James... Even if her lifestyle demands power over all things and can use a strap-on like she was born that way. But he loves it and her, that he saw it coming spiraling down to a horrible end.  Although the HERS series revolved around Seven James and Levi Parker. It also revealed a the life of a Porn-Star  Sex, Drugs, and Crime. All of which, is so true to life. LOVE IT! What got me so excited was  how the MC world was portrayed. I've read many books about MC's, enjoyed also. Not like this, the house gatherings, the off road traveling.... Dawn you've got some splaining to do. No, not really. I'm a dry comic... (Lol).  Anyhow, this was a perfect way to end this series. I absolutely loved it. I think all of Dawn's fans would too. Even if you are new to her work. Let me tell you, she's not sugar coated writer. That's the way an author should be. If you haven't read the HERS series, what the hell are you waiting on? Be ABOUT THAT LIFE and read this series. The End is fan-friggin-tastic! It took me there with my mouth open, yelling out on FB and all. I got over it, accepted that all great things at some point must to an end. I can tell you all the fine points of the book, give you a few spoilers but people have already did that. Yeah, I'm not that person. What I can do is tell you to pick up your copy of HIS and see where the End takes you. It may have been the end of HERS and HIS but the beginning for much much more. KUDOS DAWN for a FAN-EFFIN-TASIC RIDE!  Yana's O", 'Elaine Viets writes two mystery series. The Joise Marcus: Mystery Shopper series set in St. Louis and the Dead End Jobs series set in Ft. Lauderdale. Helen Hawthorne is the star of the Dead End Jobs series, taking low paying work as part of her PI work. Helen lives in the Coranado, an old town Ft. Lauderdale apartment complex. Margery Flax is her landlord. Killer Blonde is a flashback story Margery tells Helen one night.  In the  1970\'s, Margery worked in a office. The office was and is presented accurately, exactly what office work was for unmarried women in the 1970\'s. Think "9 to 5" , not "Mad Men".  The guys are jerks. People drink on their lunch hour. Any woman advancing is thought of as slept her way to that position. The bosses steal good ideas.  Vicki and Minni are in a cat fight. Vicki steals ideas. She undermines her workers. Someone kills her. Margery tells the tale of the days leading up to Vicki never coming back to work.  Enjoy the tale that Margery has kept under wraps for 40 years. I did.  Elaine Viets is a great story teller. This is no exception.', 'I received a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.  I\'m just going to jump into my review here and start with the big problems. I did not like the character at all. Iyemo is spoiled, entitled, and whiny. Instead of trying to make the best of her situation, she blows off her new job, parties and then complains when she gets in trouble. The "why me" song and dance gets old, especially after doing stupid stuff, like posing naked for one of her boyfriends, (yes, I said boyfriends) a man she hardly knows, and then whines when she breaks it off and he sells said pictures to the tabloids. She also has a drug problem, which the author does portray well, but by the time she tries to get her life together, I\'m so fed up with her that I don\'t care if she succeeds or not. The one good thing she does, helping Gomi, hardly redeems her in my eyes, and she definitely does not deserve his friendship or support. I did like Gomi as a character, as well as Leuwa, but they just weren\'t enough to help me through this book.  I also found the writing style to be distracting. In the very beginning of the book, the author jumps from present to past multiple times with no transitory warning, and it throws the reader out of the story. The narrator of the book is also extremely active, and addresses the reader often. I never really got used to it, and didn\'t find the way it was done appealing. Had the author explained what he was doing through the narrator in the beginning, it would have made the transition much easier from story to narrator.  Also as a side note, the plot of this book is basically a really, really long coming of age story set in space. There\'s a war threatening, but it ends up being nothing more than a plot device that\'s solved in a few sentences, and not by Iyemo. If that\'s not your cup of tea, I don\'t recommend this book for you.', "This was a very good story. It was an interesting tale about a cutting edge experiment and 3 doctors that take part, while indulging in some BDSM as well.  Rachel's a doctor that is getting ready to move for a new job when her old lover that she hasn't seen in 5 years shows up on her doorstep (Colin). He offers her a job with him and Julian, a doctor she's always wanted to work with and has always had the hots for. She knows it'll be tough working with both Julian and Colin but she decides to take the job. What she doesn't realize is that part of the job involves being a submissive to Julian and Colin.  Julian and Colin have been involved for years and have both wanted Rachel for years. When they bring her on the team they see this as an opportunity to finally bring her in to their relationship. As the work progresses so does the relationship between the 3 and Rachel finds herself falling for both men (she still had some leftover feelings from before and they just get build on as things progress).  Unfortunately there are some issues that come up in the professional side of their lives that causes Rachel to feel she's been screwed over and she leaves Colin and Julian. Eventually they do end up coming back together and forgiveness is given.  Overall I did really like the story. It was interesting and I liked the trio, Rachel, Colin and Julian. It's worth a read. :D", "I am so mad at this book! SO SO MAD! Let me start off with telling you that I loved Josh and Hannah's story (Redwood #1). I was really expecting something equally as good if not better. What I FELT I got was 50% of the same stuff in book one, but much more irritatingly told. I HATED that Katie HATED Zach so much and pretty much vis-versa. It ruined it for me. I get being confused about each other and then hating each other because of the confusion or past...but neither of them moved on. It was just ridiculous and not what I expected out of a Lynda Chance at all. Zach wasn't even a good alpha. I wanted to punch Katie and then punch Zach. I mean, I had to put it down SEVERAL times just to get through all the irritating jibber-jabber and stupid back and forth. 2 stars for being Lynda Chance.....0 for the romance, 0 for the steam/sex and a big fat 0 for the story. Boo! Now, this is just my own personal opinion, don't go getting your panties in a twist if you loved it. I'm happy you could find something decent in this read, because I just couldn't. Will this affect me from future reads from Lynda or Redwood? HECK NO! That's why I'm so mad! It just wasn't even in her normal ball field of the excellence that I find in Lynda. Oh well! We can't win 'em all, can we Peyton?", "First, I would like to request to this author's editors that all books must be at least 1200 pages long.  Yes, I know, that's a lot, but it's never enough.  The fantastic characters.  The brilliant storylines.  The edge of your seat nail biting while clenching your teeth suspense at what is to transpire.  The laugh out loud dialogue and characters.  Woke my poor hubby up laughing while he was trying to sleep.  At the end of this book you will freak out at the idea of where this could possibly lead.  So many possibilities.  Totally unpredictable plot.  I hope the next book happens soon.  I can't disclose too much because of spoilers.  Just know there is so much going on in this book.  The set up for the continuation of the storyline is really the entire book.  I am going to have to go into therapy to deal with the waiting for the next book.  Brilliant!", 'This was a really great story (I\'d give it 4 1/2 stars). I\'ve read Suzanne\'s two books from the Phoenix Pack series and this is story is different from those 2 in the fact that there\'s no paranormal stuff in this story. It takes place in a completely ordinary world. It is similar to Phoenix Pack books in the fact that is has a strong, caring and intelligent female lead and a possessive, dominating male lead.  The writing of this story is very interesting in that the PoV travels between characters in the book. We see Connor and Jaxxon\'s PoVs but also the PoV of other characters giving better insight and a more complete story. I don\'t usually see stories written this way but this one was well done and I liked the way it enhanced the story.  I really liked Jaxxon. She grew up in the foster care system and had a very rough life. She\'s been through hell and closed herself off in a lot of ways but yet she still is caring enough to help out others that deserve it (stray animals, abused wives and kids, etc...).  Jaxxon and Connor were in the same foster home when they were young and formed a bond. He got out of foster care a couple years before her (this takes place in the UK and they get out at 16 years old there...weird..). Connor had looked out for Jaxxon and protected her from the local bullies that wanted to do bad things to her but then it came time for him to leave foster care. He told Jaxxon he\'d come back to visit her, gave her her first kiss and then left. He never went back.  Jaxxon had an older sister (Leah) that wasn\'t kind to her and when Leah got out of foster care she lied about some things and made Jaxxon believe bad things about Connor. Leah also abandoned Jaxxon and she was alone from the age of 14. She grew up and 8 years later was still struggling in the slums and working in a bar when she\'s "discovered". She\'s never been interested in modeling but figures it\'s worth seeing where it goes because she can\'t get worse than where she is and she becomes famous almost overnight.  Connor left the foster care system and ended up in the Formula 1 racing. He became a big deal and had money and women but never considered any kind of relationship with anyone. He happened to see a cover of a magazine that Jaxxon was on and he remembers her. All the old memories come flooding in and he decides to call her. He leaves a message and she doesn\'t call him back so he begins pursuing her. He\'s so in denial it\'s almost funny...at first he tells himself he just wants to see her as friends catching up, then he wants to sleep with her but just one time, then it\'s more than once but nothing serious, and on and on. Connor swore to himself he\'d never get married or have a family (for reasons we don\'t find out about until the end) and he\'s determined he won\'t be good for Jaxxon long term but he can\'t not be with her.  Jaxxon doesn\'t want to get involved with Connor. She knows it\'s just a recipe for her getting hurt. Unfortunately she also can\'t resist Connor and decides to try to protect her heart as well as she can. This doesn\'t work as well as hoped and they find themselves getting deeper with each other.  Jaxxon has more things going on than just the issues with Connor though. She has a stalker that\'s been trying to harm her that provides some complications and danger for Jaxxon. Connor goes to help her when her stalker attacks and you\'d think he\'d come to his senses after she\'d been in danger but he doesn\'t. I have to say that Connor does suffer from multiple bouts of stupidness about his feelings/relationship in this story. So, when it was clear that Connor still wouldn\'t consider trying for more of a relationship, Jaxxon ended things and went on a promotional tour for her job.  Of course with this being a romance, things come together for Connor and Jaxxon but I won\'t spoil it with the details. Lets just say that Connor figured out what a dummy he was and goes to hunt Jaxxon down. I really liked the ending and I finished the story with a happy satisfied feeling. This was a great story. I\'d recommend it. Thumbs up! :D', "Anna Lee feels lost. Nick Worth had swept her off her feet and then abruptly left. He had promised to come back but that hadn't happened. Anna is struggling to get on with her life. Then out of the blue an FBI agent appears with Nick and forces her to help hide Prince Nicholas. She's shocked. How could he lie to her? I enjoyed this continuation of Anna and Nick's romance. What started in A Royal Christmas finishes in this book. Anna is a feisty woman who knows how to put the Prince in his place. I laughed as Nick struggled with everyday chores such as making meals or washing clothes. Nick is a charming royal who loves Anna and wants to make peace with her. He has his work cut out for him. Their interaction made for a charming and humorous romance. I loved returning to Daleville. It was the perfect setting for this second chance love affair. LuAnn McLane created character I liked with dialogue and situations that were romantic. I'm looking forward to more stories in this series.", "It was roughly one year ago today that I read my first Melissa Blue story, which happened to be one of her Down With Cupid shorts, and I think its safe to say thats when I absolutely fell in love with her writing style. Then, I kind of began to stalk her online and read each of her stories I could make time to read in the middle of all my writing adventures and snafus, which I won't go into here because this review is all about Ms. Blue.  When Ms. Blue began writing Under His Kilt, I remember that particular phase in her life when she was enamored by everything that had to do with Scots. I even posted a pic of a guy in a kilt to feed into her obsession. Little did I know she was writing the book that would seal the deal for me. I loved the writing of Melissa Blue from day one, but I was not prepared for the fact that she had written the book that would make me bow down to her like Wayne and Garth in Waynes World and proclaim, Were not worthy! Under His Kilt is the best erotic romance novella I have ever read, bar none. And I know this is saying a lot, but bear with me. Not only does she deliver fully formed awesome characters that you care about from beginning to end, but she stuffs so much plot, so much character development, so much hotness and hot sex (oh my gawd!), into this itty bitty book, I found myself being jealous of the skill in which she crafted this story. The conflict was perfect and not contrived or overblown, and the characters behaved exactly as they should without drifting out of character. She draws you in from page one and never lets up. Okay, now let me stop gushing like a writer and get on with this review.  Jocelyn an assistant museum curator who is soon to turn thirty has devised a bucket list, of sorts, of things she desires to do before the momentous occasion. One is, she wants to have some toe-curling, core-clenching, star-producing sex with a man who knows what the hell hes doing. In fact, after she makes this known to consultant Ian Baird, both she and he realize post haste, given their volatile sexual chemistry from the first day they met, it is his assistance she desires in getting this item ticked off her list. Theres only one problem. They work together. And that is a rule he has not broken since becoming the mature, well-traveled and worldly museum consultant he is. Yet, something about the wee bonnie lass, Jocelyn, has him breaking all the rules. Throw in a cute puppy named, Lexxie, and Ian doesnt know what hit him.  I could share more of this story, and I could use a boatload of flowery adjectives to describe just how wonderful it is, but I think Ill let you go read it and see for yourself. Under His Kilt delivers a grown, sexy and intelligent story that I never wanted to see end. Go ahead, one-click. I defy anyone to try and prove me wrong.  Oh, and Merry Christmas, Ms. Blue. You are among a handful of writers I know who could draw me out on Christmas to write and post a review!", "Lets return to the North Pole, specifically Christmas Central once more for the festive Christmas Eve wedding of Kris and Kyle  or it will be if the wedding planner ever believes enough to show up.  Eve is all set to head out to the islands for Christmas  far, far away from all the reminders of this particular holiday.  Yes, shed been stood up at the alter on her supposed to be Christmas Eve wedding, but that really turned out for the best.  Marrying for the wrong reasons shouldnt count.  But now, this year her business partner had accepted a wedding to tale place on Christmas Eve of this year  there was no way that Eve would do this, contract or not.  No Way.  But Santa might have something to say about that  Eve is convinced that this is all a Christmas hoax, but she knows one man who could get to the truth of the whole thing.  Hunter.  An investigative reporter and the man she loved  the man who every single time picks the story of a lifetime over her.  So shes done with all that and him.  But for this mystery she needs the best to help her figure out what is going on  and Hunter is the best at what he does.  It was such fun, returning to Christmas Central this year for another charming Christmas magic story.  Eves Christmas Wedding is a fun, charming and giggle worthy story of true love gone wrong and having the biggest magic maker of all step in to help.  Although I have to say the elves kinda stole the show on this one, their antics were definitely the laugh I needed myself.  Hunter and Eve belong together, and Hunter has finally realized what he lost when Eve left him.  Now he has the chance to prove to her just how willing he is to put her first in all things until the moment another story is handed to him.  Will he make the right choice this time?  I suggest you go pick up Eves Christmas Wedding and find out for yourself.  A delightfully whimsical Christmas romance that you won't want to miss.  Yeah, Id definitely recommend this one for this years reading list and to re-read in the years ahead.", "Texas author D.R. Meredith who has gained her solid reputation as a mystery and romance novelist through her many novels and also through her participation in writers conferences and seminars at The Governors Sesquicentennial Conference on Literary Arts at the University of North Texas, Emporia State University, Rice University, University of Texas at Dallas, University of Nebraska at Lincoln, West Texas State A& M University, as well as speaking on panels with Western Writers of America, Bouchercon, Malice Domestic, and Romance Writers of America. She is a member of Western Writers of America, Sisters in Crime, Mystery Writers of America, and The American Crime Writers League, and from her home in Amarillo, Texas she continues to pen mystery series set in the Texas Panhandle and elsewhere. Meredith is the book review editor for ROUNDUP MAGAZINE. Impressive!  A factor that enhances the reading experience is a note from the author at a books opening, offering some background for the stimuli that blossoms into a story. Meredith agrees and states, To those curious souls who may visit the Panhandle-Plains Museum in Canyon, Texas, expecting to find it as I described it in Murder by Reference will be disappointed. Pioneer Town is still there, but has been updated, renovated, otherwise changed from what it was when I wrote of John Lloyd's and Lydia's adventures. Sarah Jane is real if you choose to believe the stories that have floated about through the years, unacknowledged by university and museum personnel. If you don't believe in ghosts, consider suspending your disbelief at least while reading the book. Like John Lloyd, Sarah Jane exists only if you believe in her. The stacks were at the time I wrote the book exactly as I described. When I toured that area with the museum director at that time, two mannequins loomed out of the darkness and scared the very devil out of both of us. I couldn't resist using the episode. There really was a room lost during the various renovations to the museum over the years. A staff member who had worked there for several years showed it to me. I doubt any of the present staff know of its existence--if it does still exist. Curiosities stimulated well and the story begins.  For those for whom this is the first exposure to Merediths John Lloyd Mysteries, follow the synopsis - John Lloyd Branson, reputed to be the best criminal defense attorney Texas. In his formal three-piece suits, cowboy boots, Phi Beta Kappa key, he is certainly the most eccentric. He is assisted by his legal clerk, Lydia Fairchild.  In a variation of the classic locked room mystery, Attorney John Lloyd Branson and his beautiful, trusted, but often impetuous legal assistant, Lydia Fairchild scare up ghosts from the past and rattle family skeletons as they try to discover who murdered the young museum curator. It's no Halloween trick when Brad Hemphill materializes in a locked museum at midnight, the main feature in a prehistoric display. Who among the museum staff would kill the harmless, mild-mannered young curator, and why? What deadly secret did Hemphill know that made him a target for murder?  A very strange murder that unravels into a story that maintains the readers attention to the last page. Meredith writes in the quality of the best of mystery writers. Once she seduces you into her novel she holds you captive. Strong work! Grady Harp, March 17", 'So...the h is a lingerie model (equivalent of VS model) and the H is an athlete.  But this is not one of those fantasy romances you\'d think of when you hear "model meets professional athlete".  Instead, it\'s about who they are beneath the facade they wear to face the world and who they are in REAL life.  This book takes place in the boonies of New Zealand (not that NZ is the boonies - I mean the boonies in NZ) where they are stripped of their glamour and the world\'s expectations and they just...are.  And it\'s a beautiful and heartwarming story about two people who meet at a vulnerable time in their lives and how they become friends and fall in love.  Possible spoilers -  beware!  This was a 4.5 read for me, but I rounded up because I loved it anyway.  It\'s not a perfect read for me, but it was pretty close to it.  This was a well written, sweet, charming and funny read where I really liked both the H and h, there were no TSTL moments to suffer through and I loved the supporting cast. I\'ll talk about what I liked first,  then go into why it\'s not a perfect read for me.  What I loved: * great H.  I loved him; super alpha and protective,  but vulnerable and tender at the same time.  He has a temper and says stupid things sometimes, but he\'s mature enough to know when he\'s being stupid and is able to eat crow.  He\'s awesome, but he\'s real. * I really liked the h.  Even if she is an underwear model.  I have to admit I was a little unsure about that - but I really liked her and enjoyed watching her grow into herself.  She went from being biddable and compliant and a pleaser to developing her own personality; we see her becoming stronger and more confident in herself as the book progressed. * the slow burn.  This is not insta love.  It was kind of insta dislike that morphed into mutual respect, understanding, like, friendship, then love.  This is the kind of progression that at the end of the story you know they\'ll stay together. * the supporting cast is fantastic.  Grandpa Arthur had some of the best lines in the book, both laugh out loud ones and wise and profound ones that gave me the feels. * the book isn\'t just a story about Iain and Nina meeting and falling in love - it also explores love between spouses and how it evolves over the course of a long marriage.  One of the threads in the book is about Iain\'s parents - it reminds us that the wedding with the big poofy gown and shiny ring isn\'t the end of the story.  The other is a poignant look at what love looks like after a lifetime together and what happens when one of the two pass away.  Oh, the feels!  There\'s not a lot of mushy scenes, but Rosalind\'s words are so effective at constructing small moments which reveal so much that my heart felt mushy anyway. * it\'s funny.  The banter between the characters is fantastic and there are some laugh out loud moments.  It\'s not a madcap rom com, but among all the feels and sweetness, there\'s a lot of smiling happening.  So...the not so good.  Honestly, it\'s one thing.  The bad guy.  The ex-fiance who wouldn\'t take no for an answer that Nina is running away from.  I get why he\'s in the story, but I thought he came off as a caricature of a villain.  He seemed very one dimensional and kind of crazy - like the cartoon villain that rubs his hands together and says, "I\'ll get you my pretty" and has an anvil that falls on his head at the end.  We\'d have these lovely scenes in New Zealand and the story is flowing and everything is coming together then bam!  All of a sudden we\'d get these random "I\'m an evil guy and no one gets away from me" scenes that would pop up to remind us he\'s still there and he\'s a bad guy.  It was just jarring and weird.  Also, it made me a little anxious throughout the entire book waiting for the other shoe to drop - there\'s not a lot of character development and all I knew was that there was a "bad guy" out there, but I had no clue how he\'d impact the story and Nina\'s new life, so I read this lovely beautiful story with bated breath wondering when the bad stuff was going to happen.  *** spoiler about bad guy ***  for those who care and get all anxious like I do - because I have a very low angst threshold: yes, he does show up and he tries to hurt her - but honestly, it\'s such a small part of the story (and resolved very quickly) that I felt kind of stupid to have let his presence mar my enjoyment of the rest of the book.  Truly, the story focuses on her growth as a person and her developing relationship with Iain - despite all the foreshadowing, Matthias (the bad guy) actually has a very small role in the book and doesn\'t affect the outcome a whole lot.  ***end spoiler about bad guy ***  Even with the villain situation, I really enjoyed this book.  I always enjoy Rosalind\'s writing, but I loved the story and characters and their interactions.  I highly recommend the book - it\'s a fun, low-angst book (no cheating!  No craziness!) that will make you laugh, sigh, and maybe shed a tear or two.', 'Elizabeth (Libby) is the heiress to her family\'s bottled water company but that company isn\'t doing to well these days and between the father that disappeared and the mother that is spending the nonexistent fortune on rehab, Elizabeth finds herself in the fringe of what used to be her social circle. But there is one man that is in the center, Hunter. She has had a crush on him since he came to her rescue on the side of the road when she was just sixteen. But a man like Hunter in\'t one you dream of taming, he may star in a few fantasies; but he is always just out of reach.  When she finds herself in disparate need of money there is only one place to go, only one thing left to sell. Her virginity. Love Incorporated is a well established brothel ran by Marchant, Hunter\'s best friend. A place Hunter knows all too well. But she\'s not just stepping into his arena when she finds herself in Vegas preparing to be auctioned off to the highest bidder; she has walked right into his nightmare.  Hunter\'s life gets turned upside down when he wakes to find his bed empty. Suddenly he is being blackmailed and is trapped in a web of crimes that he can\'t seem to escape. His life is complicated and when he can\'t stop thinking of Libby, complicated is just the beginning. He remembers her at sixteen and he can\'t seem to forget about her now. But keeping her safe means keeping her out of reach. The only problem is, he can\'t seem to say no.  "One time I fell in love with a woman in a Porsche."  This was such a well written and complex story and I loved every second of it. As the story starts off you get both points of views and pretty much two stories playing out. They intersect a few times at the start but really don\'t blend together until Libby makes her way to Vegas to prepare for the auction. Both parts of this story was captivating and Hunter was one of those bad-boy Heroes that is completely broken. He can\'t sleep, he can\'t be intimate; spending his time in the bed of the escorts at the ranch; former addict and man that\'s keeping secrets... I love this combination like a fat kid loves cake!  Libby was sure enough of herself, she didn\'t have an easy road and she was a tad bit shy at times; but all that faded whenever she found herself near Hunter. She was inexperienced, but her body knew how to react to him - it always had. And although there are some unsavory things about him, she just is unable to refuse that she wants him. I loved that she was willing to risk emotions for just simple tastes of him, rather than push and push until he gave her want she wanted; she was willing to take each experience with him as a gift. No self-shaming afterwards, just a little sullen taste of reality.  "...he screams sex. The kind of sex that\'s all slick skin and pheromones, bulging biceps..."  But that doesn\'t last too long. This had a feel of insta-love, but since they shared a history that went far beyond the start of this story, it played out perfectly with the timeline of events.  Beyond the romance and the sexy hero we got one h*lluva suspense vibe from the story. I was hooked into the who-dunnit aspects of this story just as I was with the relationship forming between Hunter & Libby. Cross is the next feature character to get his book, Taming Cross. I am excited to start this one since we got so much from the portions he was in during this book. Although he was not in a lot of the scenes, he was a major player in this story and we got enough of a tease into his back story to pull us right into his story.  Overall this was a fantastic read, Ella James does a beautiful job with the mingling of romance and suspense while ensuring that neither overtook the other as the story played out. Thoroughly enjoyed the first book in this series and am excited for Cross & March\'s story, hopefully we\'ll get a few bits and pieces of Hunter and Libby as the series continues.', "I loved, loved, loved Tears of Tess. It took me on a journey that I still can't get out of my head. It is filled with darkness, passion, thrilling suspense and some horrific scenes that were cringe worthy and made me cry for Tess. But it was also filled with so much love, desire and lust of a beautiful unconventional love story between Tess and Q and what they go through to be together. Tess is fierce and strong and living an ordinary, boring life. Shes in a relationship which is doing nothing for her, but her boyfriend doesnt understand what she wants or needs. Q Mercer is French, gorgeous, wealthy, well known, broken and really screwed up and he believes he is one sordid monster that he is struggling to live with. He is fighting his desires on a daily basis until he meets Tess and everything changes for him. The circumstances that bring Tess and Q together are extraordinary. I couldn't believe the twists in this story. Will Tess find what she has always wanted in life through the tragedy she goes through? Will Q find what he is looking for or needs in Tess? I found this book to be a dark, twisted romance. It is a page turner from start to finish. I couldn't put it down. One of the best I have read. Pepper really created exceptionally strong characters that embark on an incredible awakening of each other", "This is one of those stories where, when you reach the end, you just give a happy sigh and feel that everything ended well.  Isabel and Robert knew each other as young adolescents, but Robert's family moved away and they lost touch. However, 16 years later, she's in grad school and he's in medical school on the same university campus when they see each other again. Over a series of dates they reconnect as friends and develop affections for each other. However, Isabel and especially her father, think that Robert is hiding something - something important. Can she trust him? Does he honestly love her? She wants to think he loves her, but why does he always hold back?  Robert seems like every girl's dream in a man, but he's got a past that he's desperately trying to fix so that he can move forward with Isabel. When that past is revealed, my heart broke for him. He had been through so much. Will Isabel forgive him for not being fully honest about his past? Will her father accept him?  In the end, it's a very tender story of second chances - both with each other and in life.  Language - clean romance - clean - some kisses"]
["I am 41 years old and not in good shape.  I bought Power 90 to motivate me and my daughter.  The first couple of weeks seemed too easy.  I was immediately bored with the vidoes, but I was committed to making a change.  The setting is boring, and the music is old and not motivating.  But I sucked it up and did 90 days.  I did not follow the diet plan.  I never even looked at it. I noticed results within the first 3 weeks.  I lost 12 pounds, 3 inches from my waist, 3 inches from my chest and 2 inches from my hips.  They're effective and require only dumbbells and you can do them in your living room.  I did not measure my arms or legs, but they are definitely smaller and more defined.  I feel stronger.  I just purchased Chalean Extreme to keep my self going.  I went down a pants size and my belts no longer fit!!! I would give it 5 stars for effectiveness, but it was so monotonous.", "After reading this book, before writing my review, I read the comments left here at Amazon.  For the most part, I agree with every one of them.  Cinderella and the Sheikh is a fun read.  I had a hard time putting it down.  The main character, Libby Fay, is a waitress trying to make a living.  Sheikh Rasyn wants a wife no one in his country would accept because he wants the Kingdom to go to his cousin.  From there our hero finds nothing goes the way he'd hoped.  I won't go into the details of the book.  Other reviewers covered that nicely with their input.  Yes, there are some font issues, but it doesn't take away from the flow of the story.  One review was negative, but the issue that appraisal had doesn't seem to be an issue for others.  It wasn't for me.  I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys contemporary romance with a handsome Sheikh in the mix.  You might learn a word or two of Arabic along the way.  Happy reading!", 'This was the first story that I\'ve read by this author.  Based on what I\'ve read I probably will not read another.  I usually read 2 or more books per day but it took me three days to finish this book.  I didn\'t like the hero and the heroine was not believable.  The hero didn\'t make sense to me.  One of his "rules" was to be late to appointments or reservations because he felt that people should wait on him no matter how long.  However, for some reason he was always on time for the heroine.  No explanation is given why.  He seemed to have a loving relationship with his family but he was an ass to everyone.  His brother is introduced in the story but there is really no reason why.  The heroine started out being one way but by the end she was different but not in a good way.  The ending was incomplete.  There were several instances where the wrong word was used.  My mind constantly wandered while reading this story and I had to force myself to finish reading.  Honestly the blurb is completely different from the actual book.  The blurb describes a promising book but the book just didn\'t deliver for me.  Maybe the author needs critique partners to help her realize her writing goals.  My book review rubric Character Development:  One dimensional characters Secondary Characters:  Unnecessary  no added value to the story Character Chemistry:  No chemistry Plot:  Unbelievable Did the story make me laugh or cry?:  No feelings evoked Typos:  Many typos (Distracting to the story) Story pacing:  Too Slow Sex scenes:  OK but did nothing for me Story ending:  Leaves hanging. / Makes no sense to the book. / Leaves room for a sequel or related books. Was the story predictable?  If so in what way?:  Not really, the ending feels like a cliffhanger. Favorite quote:  N/A Did the story keep my interest?:  No.  It took way to long for me to finish Would I read this story again?  No Would I read more of this author\'s work?  Probably not. Would I recommend this book?  If yes to who?:  No Part of a series:  No Connected book:  N/A Genre:  Romance? Tags:  BWWM', "L.L.Collins has managed to work her heart felt magic once again in the final book in her Living Again series. She writes in such a way that the characters reach you deep down in your soul. She manages to make you feel emotions you never knew you had. The prologue of this book took me back to the worst time of my life. She recreated it beautifully. I felt like I was right back there 18 years ago. I could relate to Lacey's pain and how she was forever changed by it. She closes herself off until Brant comes along and changes everything. In her books she takes difficult topics and turns them around and comes up with the most amazing happy endings. It is so great to feel a book deep in your soul and come out of it changed for the better. She is the master. Her characters grab you and don't let go. Her books leave you with incredible hangovers. Warning: one box of tissues is never enough. So sorry to see this series come to an end. As with all her books it leaves you wanting more. Grab some tissues and get ready to be changed for the better. Enjoy!", "Best-selling author Cherry Adair is back with her latest T-FLAC novel and we the reader finally get resolution about the events at the end of Hush. Yes we really do find out what happened to Gideon Stark and were he has been.  From the first page the action starts and before you know it you are on a fast moving ride that is absolutely relentless. Make sure you have your LockOut suits on and hold on for a bumpy ride.  Of course it's a T-FLAC novel and a Cherry Adair book, so there's lots of running, shooting, bad guys, monkey sex, more running, shooting and monkey sex. Fans would be disappointed if there wasn't.  Oh and lets not forget the sexy as sin kick ass operatives. Cue the swoon.  Im not going to be a spoiler wench here and give anything away. This is a book you definitely need to read without spoilers. Read it as a stand-alone or read it after devouring Hush, either way you will be glad you read it.  This book proves why this author is at the top of her field. Once youve read T-FLAC you will be hooked. I have been for a long time.  Gideon is a must read for all Cherry Adair fans, plain and simple.  This book was supplied by the author for an honest review", 'If you haven\'t read the first book, "Bitten", reading this one would be like coming upon a really bad accident. You don\'t know what happened to get to this point, it looks really ugly and you hope that everyone involved will be okay, but you don\'t know if you will stick around to ever find out what really happens.  The story picks up where the last one left off, at Benedict\'s apartment. Ben just told Ally that she was in danger, then he leaves her alone to make a phone call and to make a cup of tea. Huh? When he figures out that Ally has been abducted and the clock is ticking down, instead of looking everywhere for the love of his existence, Benedict is diligently doing his paperwork. Seriously?! And Moira, the person with the most to gain if Ally can\'t be found in time, couldn\'t possibly be responsible...could a vampire possibly be any more naive? Moira somehow managed to not only find out about and kidnap Ally, but her friends as well, in less time than it took for Ben and Ally to decide to become intimate. Golly gee, what\'ll happen next? Be sure to tune in for the next episode....sigh.  Believe it or not, the story line in this book is a bit better than the first one. Of course, it couldn\'t have gotten much worse (not worst!). But this is mostly because Ally\'s juvenile character and exclamatory sentences aren\'t as prominent in this book. However, the grammar is probably worse, if you can believe it. I showed a couple of the errors to my 16 year old son and the first thing he asked me was, "Did you pay any money for this?" Luckily I was able to tell him "no".  And the one thing that almost stopped me from getting these books in the first place - is anyone else concerned about the fact that the first two books in this paranormal romance series have the exact same names as the first two in Kelley Armstrong\'s "Women of the Otherworld" series? Of course, that is where the resemblance ends. They do say that plagiarism...er, I mean... imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, so I guess it\'s not THAT big of a deal, but it just bugs me.  If the final book in this serialized novel is free, I\'ll probably read it just to find out what happens, but I wouldn\'t pay for it.', 'You know what? I really enjoyed this short, sexy freebie about a big girl that hits it off fast and heavy with a budding rock star. I\'m so glad I didn\'t let the reviews dissuade me from trying it for myself. Joe and Liss hooking up is probably a fantasy scenario that doesn\'t happen often, but that\'s the beauty of fiction. You can get lost in "what could be".  For some reason, I feel like I need to defend a few things I\'ve seen others post in reviews--a girl that\'s hot for a guy that she\'s spent the better part of the night chatting with WOULD allow him to walk her home. She WOULD invite him in. And they probably WOULD get busy. It happens all the freaking time, folks. Is is smart? Maybe not. But that\'s the stuff real life one-night stands are made of. There\'s nothing unusual or unrealistic about her doing that. It HAPPENS. A LOT. There IS a such thing as instant lust that causes people to think with their nether regions. If it\'s a great hook up, they may be infatuated enough with each other to want to spend every possible moment with each other thereafter. That happens all the time too. "I love you" was never mentioned in this story, so I don\'t see how people would be bothered by the instant sexual attraction. Nothing new there. That\'s what folks who love sex like to call PASSION.  It\'s amazing to me how a reader\'s own life experiences (or lack thereof) influence their perceptions of how characters should behave in a story. They don\'t have to do what YOU would do in order for it to be believable for their character. Give yourself a pat on the back if you\'d be able to resist such a guy and think rationally during a heated moment. Other girls would rather have something else than that pat on the back, and that\'s okay too. I think people would enjoy fiction so much more if they\'d leave their personal judgments at the door and just let the characters do what they would do.  I can easily see how two people could hit it off fast. The heat would probably fizzle out soon, however, that initial lust and animalistic attraction is NOT unrealistic in this story. If you can believe a hot rocker who could have any chick he wanted would want to be with a big girl who works as a waitress with no other aspirations, the rest should be easy as pie to believe. That was the only fantasy part of this story to me. And since I enjoy characters that don\'t fit a typical mainstream mode, I loved that part too. 5 stars.  I should also mention there are a few editing issues--"week" instead of "weak", punctuation errors, and a few extra words. That didn\'t take away from my enjoyment.', "Oh man this was a fantastic book!!! This is Jenna Monroe and Kellen Coulter's story told again but through Kellen's Point of View. I've read other books that tell the story from another point of view and this one had so much more to it and it wasn't just a rehashing of the story and changing a little bit. You get so much more from this story that you don't know or don't see in the other story. We get to meet a great friend to Kellen's Callum in this story, we don't hear anything about it from the other story. We learn about the fight that brought him into the Monroe household. We learn about his home life and so much more.  Laney wasn't a character that I particularly cared for in the first book but in this story I just hated her. She is all about her looks, her body, and her sexuality. She cares so much about money and materialistic things but she doesn't want to make it herself. She wants a man to make it and for her to be able to enjoy it. She is so judgmental and opinionated about things that have nothing to do with her. Her father is the one that made the money but she thinks that she is better than most people due to that money. I don't think she ever really cared about Kellen but just liked his looks, his body, and his potential to make her money. She enjoys the drama and those things but she doesn't really try to care about him as a person. And she tries to make it seem like she's the good guy and he's the bad guy when she cheated on him and never cared about his opinion. She just wanted him to fit into her idea of a perfect boyfriend, fiance, and later hopefully husband. I think she has some serious growing up to do and serious life experience to deal with.  Kellen is a great guy but he doesn't want to see what he's doing or think too hard on his life. He has so much tragedy and heartache in his past that he just lets his life go by while he numbs himself or pretends like things are a certain way. I'm very happy and thrilled that he finally has woken up and wants to do better. He realizes that his love for Jenna is something he shouldn't throw away and he should give it a shot. He's lucky that she has always been there for him and she hasn't moved on from him. Not many people would put up with the things he has done to her and still waited for him.  Jenna is such a wonderful, deep, and passionate character. She knows who she is and what she wants. She doesn't think money makes you better, she actually thinks that sometimes money makes things worse or harder. She doesn't judge others and she doesn't let others stand in her way. Her love for Kellen has always been there and she's patient and she never runs or goes away. He has dealt her so much pain through the years but she doesn't let it tarnish her or damage their relationship.  Definitely worth reading. I love these characters and the story.", "The storyline is awesome!. The characters are sexy and unique!. Aura is a space scavenger. She captains the craft by her self with the help of the ships computer an artificial intelligence she named Seth. She and Seth come upon an sphere. They find out it has something alive in it. When they get it to the ship Aura finds a sexy naked purple Alien in it!. Cygnus is a Marauder warrior. His race was on their way to earth to capture earth women to mate with when he and his brother took spheres and headed on their own. Cygnus race are purple bear shifters!. Only Aura was not the only one to see the sphere!. A group of pirates take her craft, but Cygnus saves them. Now they head to Mar's to try and find his brother. Mar's is not a frirndly planet. But before they get there Cygnus and Aura mate!. Oh and he has a very unique male part lol. Cygnus and Aura have a stunning adventure while they search for Cygnus's brother. You will love this Funny, exciting, sweet, and scorching hot hot must read Romance!!.", "After the first few paragraphs of this book I didn't think I was going to be able to get through because the book seemed to be reading more like a screen play than a book.  Once I told myself to just read it for the story, things went a lot smoother.  I like very much that this book took place in the art world. I am a huge fan of museum's and gallery's. It was nice to have a steamy romance without a billionaire that is going to solve all of the main female character's problems. I like that the main female character Greer was not discouraged despite all the plotting going on behind her back to destroy her art and her earning potential.  I did not like that she bought an illegal handgun on the street. If someone mugs me on the street and tells me to go back to the exact place I came from, I'm calling the police and I'm not going to just wait to be a victim again, especially when I keep hearing through the grapevine that all my artist friends are having their art and studio's destroyed. It bothered me that Greer was so strong as to not be turned away from completing her entry into the Phoenix contest, but instead of being actually strong and calling the police and legally buying a handgun, she results to common street thuggery. I'd rather have a legal firearm and every New York Police Officer on my side helping me.  I also didn't care for all of Greer's binge drinking. If you know someone is out to get you. Someone who knows enough about you to tell you where come from originally, why dull your senses with alcohol? That is the time when you need to stay frosty and be on your A game. If someone had come for her and she had her gun she would have been so drunk she'd have ended up a crime statistic.  I also didn't care for the fact that Hunter, who is supposed to be a strong male ran to Greer's friend Tasha instead of turning directly to the police. Why not just man up, instead of pulling his lady love's best friend into a potentially dangerous situation? Yes, he got a black eye, but it was purely for manipulative purposes. The bad guys do get put into jail thanks to Greer's best friend Tasha being an adult and not letting people victimize her best friend.  The story ends and I'm not sure if Greer and Hunter ever have any kind of happily ever after. I don't know if the author is leaving the ending open for a sequel or if that's it. Also after all that, neither Greer nor Hunter place in the top 3? Why then even put in how much the art gallery owner thought the two pieces were so beautiful and asking about a selling price. That made me think, I guess the sculptures weren't that great after all. Not only did they not sell but they didn't place in the contest. That was a major let down after all Greer had been through.  I purchased this Kindle download at full price and am providing this review for informational purposes only. All opinions are my own.  All in all a good fast read. There are some steamy normal vanilla sex scenes.", "I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. I have used this white variety in conjunction with the green preshave (menthol and eucalyptus), as well as by itself. I found that it loads the shaving brush with lather as quickly as the other Proraso soaps, which is to say that you'll have all the soap you need in the brush within 30 seconds. Note that you will have to soak your shaving brush for a few minutes to make this happen. I found that blooming the soap was of limited utility, as this isn't a hard soap puck, but rather more like a stiff cream.  The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.  Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.", "I have never tried any type of device like this on my skin before. I am older and have avoided wrinkles but I do have textural issues that came with menopause. I felt like my face became a mine field of irregular rough patches and age spots.  Bought this, the basic model, to try it out. I've been quite pleased.  My skin looks smoother and more even with just a few uses. Once imoisturize I am startled st the improvement. Far less noticeable rough or flaky skin. Age spots look less bumpy.  Had a difficult time using this around my nose (the vibration made me sneeze) and this model only gas a single speed do I can't low it down. I also felt for the price the charge cord should come with a plug.  Overall I am very pleased with the results. I look and feel like I had a facial. I have sensitive skin but this device has been gentle and non-irritating. Like it more than I anticipated.", "I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.", "I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.", "I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.", "I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.", "I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. I have used this white variety in conjunction with the green preshave (menthol and eucalyptus), as well as by itself. I found that it loads the shaving brush with lather as quickly as the other Proraso soaps, which is to say that you'll have all the soap you need in the brush within 30 seconds. Note that you will have to soak your shaving brush for a few minutes to make this happen. I found that blooming the soap was of limited utility, as this isn't a hard soap puck, but rather more like a stiff cream.  The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.  Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.", "I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. I have used this white variety in conjunction with the green preshave (menthol and eucalyptus), as well as by itself. I found that it loads the shaving brush with lather as quickly as the other Proraso soaps, which is to say that you'll have all the soap you need in the brush within 30 seconds. Note that you will have to soak your shaving brush for a few minutes to make this happen. I found that blooming the soap was of limited utility, as this isn't a hard soap puck, but rather more like a stiff cream.  The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.  Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.", "I was so excited to have received this mascara after reading over all the great reviews. However, my experience was anything but exciting. I have used many brands of mascara in my lifetime, but none quite like this. The first day I applied the mascara it looked like I had put nothing on my lashes. The texture of the mascara was like water. Not sure if this is normal for this mascara or not. No thickness and no lengthening to my lashes whatsoever.....I waited a few minutes to apply a second coat. Still no difference. My blonde lashes looked ever so slightly darker. That's it. My lashes were still as short and sparse as ever. That night my eyes were a bit red but it had been a long day. Didn't think much about it. I thought I would use one more day and pick up a new brand the following day. Not like I had a lot of time to be looking for a new brand of mascara. Again. Especially after I thought I had done my research. Day two: my eyes began watering and twitching. I could not wait to remove this mascara! Went to bed. The following morning both eyes were red, while my right eye was red, swollen, and visibly irritated. Absolutely NOT the result I expected :(", 'I have very dry skin, I have my entire life.  My lips are the worst - always dry and peeling, even cracking in the winter.  It\'s impossible for me to keep lipstick on my lips - wears off in minutes but I never knew why.  Even the "16 hour long lasting lip stick" didn\'t work - wore off in an hour or two.  I found out about this at a high-end salon that I was visiting to get my hair colored.  It works great!  It comes in lots of different flavors - I started with the Vanilla Bean and have loved it so I haven\'t tried the rest.  It\'s like brown sugar - really thick and creamy.  You just take a bit on your finger and rub it on your lips in a circular motion.  Then, wipe it off with a tissue.  I have found that there is still some residue so I usually wet my lips to get off the rest and wipe with a towel.  I only use it once a week now, and my lips are fabulous.  My lipstick last forever now.  Important note...this product goes perfectly with the Sara Happ Lip Slip - LOVE it.  I would highly recommend that you use both of them together...works great.  Definitely worth the cost as I have tried everything else and nothing worked.', 'Update: My experience has gotten better with this brush! The falling bristles seems to have stopped. So I\'m happy about that. And I\'ve found it does extremely well with a BB cream I just tried!  So, perhaps I shall go with the 4 stars. If I like the brush, and if I would recommend it, and purchase it if I lost it or it became too old, then it deserves my stars. (Though, knowing me, I\'d try to find it on sale, or one like it for less :D ) This is one of those updates I love to add, when I determine that the product is better than I first thought and I\'m sold! ----  Rating Explanation: Really, 3.5 stars (4.0 for the softness and for how foundation doesn\'t cake onto the brush and how it blends in well; 3.0 stars for bristles falling out and the price being a little high compared to my usual foundation brush, which was half the price and does the job well, too)  General Description: A small, handle-textured, soft-bristled \'buffing\' brush--black, with a tiny loop with which to hang it (after washing or if you want to hang it otherwise). Price now: about $21.00  General Comments: Makeup brushes can be expensive, but I probably would not spend $21 on this brush since on first use some of the bristles fell out--not many, mind you, but after that happened I read a few other reviews and found that after washing this has happened. With my experience, it was right out of the box I lost some bristles as I applied my foundation as directed. So, for review purposes, after one use, I gently washed it - as I did, a few more fell out (again, not very many). After drying, I used it again and a few more came out. In all total, there were not very many bristles to fall out but this does make me wonder if this is normal upon first few uses -- that in manufacturing some bristles are going to be loose and with use this will stop, or if with continued use and washing more and more bristles will fall out. Time will tell but this does seem to be an issue with this brush.  Applying Foundation: As the instructions indicated, I applied liquid foundation right to the brush. I placed just a tiny amount, for I wanted to do this in a layering application. I swirled the small dab of foundation on half my face (for comparison with my regular makeup brush on the other side). The brush is extremely soft on my face--this I did like very much. And my makeup disappeared into my skin quite quickly. I put just a little more foundation on the brush and swirled that into the same side of my face and again it disappeared. It was a nice finish, I will say. When I applied my foundation with my regular flat-bristled foundation brush on the other side of my face as I usually do it, I really could not tell that much of a difference, though there may have been a slight difference, but not enough I could really say for sure. My foundation brush is half the price of this one.  Positive Point: 4.0 stars for this: One difference between this brush and my regular foundation brush that interested me is that my regular foundation brush you can see the residue of makeup on it, but the Japonesque didn\'t have any residue that I could see! That in itself was pretty amazing. Perhaps with more use it would but I believe with small applications and swirling it in thoroughly, most of the makeup would end up on your face and not left on the brush--which is a good thing.  Negative Point: bristles falling out, and the loop is pretty small--not sure where I\'m to hang it.  I would like to try this with mineral makeup (I am out of that right now) to see how it does but I expect it to do well with mineral ("powder") make up. I wouldn\'t use this as a blush brush simply because of it\'s shape; however, I suppose it would blend in blush very nicely.', "I have a thick beard and this sandalwood cream is designed specifically to deal with thick beards. Of course Proraso is legendary among wetshavers as a cream that rivals other shaving creams that are double or triple the price in terms of quality. It is also known to be a good cream for those new to wetshaving as it is more forgiving in the lathering process than other creams, which can easily be too dry or to soupy if you don't use the exact right amount of water to mix it. Some people do not like the sandalwood scent of this product, but I like it. It is not overly scented, but it is more peppery than what you usually get with a sandalwood scent. Some say this a truer sandalwood scent, I cannot comment about that, but I do like this particular scent and think it smells manly. It is also a scent that lasts, which I take as a mark of Proraso quality. They seem to really care about the quality of their products.  The Green menthol cream is the original Proraso and many people swear by that cream. However, I did not like the smell of that cream at all, as I thought it was just awful. I would bear it in order to use the cream, but I hated the smell. Also, I do think this is better at taming a thicker beard than the original (though that could just be their marketing working on me). It definitely doesn't dry your skin out as much as the menthol original and that is a big deal to me. This is now my new favorite Proraso product. I just wish they had come out with an aftershave lotion that matched this scent at the same time. Hopefully, they will do so soon."]
["For years I used Frontline Plus with good results. A few years ago I started noticing some fleas on my dog that had become immune to the Frontline. One thing led to another and before I knew it, I had a massive outbreak on my hands. The fleas were in my yard, house and garage, all while my dog was still on Frontline Plus! I read several articles online discussing how fleas were becoming immune to the Frontline Plus, and my dog was living proof.  I switched my dog to K9 Advantix, and within just a few minutes, fleas were falling off dead. We bombed the yard and garage, and did boric acid treatments on our carpet to keep the fleas off of us humans, but my dog was happy and flea-free. It's been years now, and I have never seen another flea.  Some advice on application: DO NOT give your dog a bath for at least 1 week before or after application!!!! Your dog's fur/hair needs to be coated with its natural oils in order for this product to soak in properly. Most people over wash their dogs anyway, so give the poor thing a break with the bathing, and let the product do its thing. If your dog has dry hair or skin, add some salmon oil to its daily diet, then try the Advantix again.  As far as the ordering process goes, it was flawless. I received my Prime delivery in 2 days, and the price was the lowest I've found anywhere. I would give this product 10 stars if I could.", "My sister recommended Mario Badescu Drying Lotion, so I decided to give it a try. One very big positive is the price. In my experience, many skin care products are scams that can cost a fortune. 17.00 is a fair price for this product. The lotion (thought it's not really a lotion) contains salicylic acid and chamomile. Most people probably know that salicylic acid is a very common and inexpensive product used to treat acne, which can also reduce redness. Chamomile is also used to reduce redness, so the formula of combining the two seems like a good idea.  The directions are simple. Apply your usual nighttime moisturizer before applying the drying lotion. Make sure you allow your moisturizer to dry thoroughly before applying the drying lotion. Then, dip a qutip in the bottle of drying lotion, and apply it to problem areas on your face. Make sure to buy extra long qutips because regular qutips barely reach the bottom of the bottle. Once you have used about half of the product, you are going to want an extra long qutip.  Now, how effective is this product? I think it is just as effective as something like Proactiv. The drying lotion is not a miracle by any means. Does it work? Yes, it works to some extent. It works to the extent that salicylic acid has always worked. Will you have dramatically clearer skin overnight? No. Will you have clearer skin after a few days? Yes. But this product is not a miracle or a new formulation that we have never seen before, and this product does not prevent acne. Many of the reviews fail to mention that this product is actually intended for use on whiteheads. I rarely have whiteheads, so I mainly used the drying lotion on your average red pimples. So I can say that the product does work on average pimples to an extent, but it's no better than Proactive, Retin-A, or anything else you might have tried. I tried the drying lotion on a few whiteheads, and, again, it's not a miracle worker. It works as effectively as most other products I have tried.  I will buy this product again for two reasons: the price is fair, and I do not want to pay a dermatologist to prescribe me benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid. The dying lotion is a good product, but it's not a miracle. Set your expectations reasonably, and you should be fine.", 'This review covers two Stila Long Wear Lip Color crayons--Adorable and Paramour.  ADORABLE  Color: Pale peachy nude. It is actually lighter than my natural lip color.  Swatch accuracy: I did not find the color swatch on the Amazon product page to be accurate for this color. The swatch makes the color look a good bit darker than it actually is.  Finish: Matte. I detect no shimmer, sparkle or glossiness in this color.  Feel: Quite smooth and not tacky or sticky. A little drying over time.  Fragrance: A moderate crayon-like scent. Not perfumy.  PARAMOUR  Color: Wine/pomegranate. For me, the color appears darker in the stick than on my lips, but then my lips may be more pigmented than the average.  Swatch accuracy: I found the color swatch on the Amazon product page to be fairly accurate for this color. However, as noted above, it appears lighter on my lips than what it appears in the stick.  Finish: Matte. I detect no shimmer, sparkle or glossiness in this color.  Feel: A bit tackier than and not as smooth as Adorable. More drying.  Fragrance: A mild crayon-like scent. Not perfumy.  GENERAL:  Made in the USA.  Twist-up crayon-type application but with rounded vs. pointed tip.  Easy to apply accurately.  Considered long wear (but I\'m not sold on that yet).  As a "woman of a certain age," I find that these lip colors (esp. the darker colors), when worn alone (without gloss), show every line in my lips. I love their easy application and petite size for carrying in my purse, but prefer to wear gloss over them (or lip balm under them) for comfort and added moisture.  3 stars when worn alone. 4 stars when worn with gloss or balm.  3 1/2 stars average.', "I'm a Hot Tools fan.  I've been working on growing my hair out for quite some time, so I've been using the Hot Tools 24K Gold 1 inch barrel.  The first time I curled my short hair with the 1 in I panicked!  My hair was crazy!  The curls didn't start until about 1/2 way down the shaft of my hair and they weren't tight enough.  My hair dresser told me to get a 3/4 inch inch.  I've never used a 3/4 inch before.  It took forever to curl my hair.  But my curls were tighter and they gave me more curl and volume at the root.  I love Hot Tools.  They are affordable and heat up fact and get hot.  I now own a 1 3/4 in, a 1 inch and a 3/4 inch.  1 is ceramic, 2 are gold.  I know that hairstylists use the gold, but I prefer the ceramic and wish I would have bought this in ceramic.  For me, I find the hair tends to stick to the gold making it hard to seemlessly curl the hair.  The pic below, the top pic is with the 1 inch Hot Tools, the bottom pic is with the new Hot Tools 3/4 inch Gold Plated Curling Iron.", 'I used this with the Rubble polish and I have had it on for 10 days and it is still looking ok. This is my first time trying the Vinylux polishes.  It isn\'t as shiny and awesome as the first day but it doesn\'t look as horrible as regular polish does by day 10 (if you still have any on by day 10). It dries very quickly and is very shiny the first 4-5 days and not bad day 6-8. I don\'t know what would happen if I just applied another coat of clear polish around day 5. Maybe I will try that next time. I really like it because I can wear a color for a week but I don\'t have to wear it for two weeks to justify the cost. It goes on like regular polish so you don\'t have to go to a salon and pay $30-40 to have it done. Once it\'s dried it does feel thicker than regular polish but not in a bad way. It feels like it helps to make my nails stronger. I use my hands a lot at work and I wear gloves 20-30% of the time, I do a lot of typing, I wash dishes 3-4 times a week so if it was going to chip there were plenty of opportunities. I hate having to walk around thinking "I can\'t do that because I don\'t want to mess up my nails". Now there was some wearing at the nail tip and one or two chips at the corner tip of the nail but even gel nails wear at the tips if you use your nails/hands a lot. But given how long it has been I am very pleased. I would have taken the polish off after a week if I wasn\'t so lazy this week. I will definitely check the Vinylux inventory before I make my next nail color purchase to see if the color I want is offered before I buy it in regular polish.', 'I\'m in the village candy store on a warm spring day.  The windows have little kitchen curtains, the floors are hardwood and scuffed, the screen door slams every time someone closes it.  The owner is at the back of the store making divinity, and her son is chewing some&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Clove-Gum/dp/B0002268MA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Clove Gum</a>, tending the counter.  I can smell the divinity and I get a whiff of the chewing gum.  I\'m trying to decide if I want some licorice sticks or some root beer barrels.  Or maybe some&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sugar-Babies/dp/B000V8W9FA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sugar Babies</a>. . .  My neighbor from across the street comes in.  She\'s brought some fresh-cut peonies from her garden for the owner.  I give her a hug.  She\'s a large, tall, strong woman who has always shown me affection.  Her smile makes me feel all lit up inside.  My dad comes in.  I can still smell the grass on his shoes from mowing the lawn.  "Did you decide what you want?" he asks.  I knit my brows together and tell him, "I just don\'t know - it all smells so good!"  Then he helps me fill a small bag with licorice, Sugar Babies, and orange sour balls and we walk back home holding hands, enjoying the sunshine.', 'Frankly, after reading some of the reviews and shelling out $110 for this L\'Occitane Immortelle Divine Cream, I expected it to be wonderful and that I\'d absolutely love it.  That wasn\'t my experience, though.  For starters, the HEAVILY perfumed scent was very unappealing to me with my first use.  I don\'t insist on only unscented facial creams and usually expect at least some underlying scent in most beauty products that I buy.  However, this is by no means an "underlying" scent with the Immortelle Divine Cream.  Instead, the strong perfume hits you as soon as you remove the lid.  Fortunately, the heavy scent doesn\'t seem to last more than a few minutes after applying it to my face.  Or at least I didn\'t notice the strong smell after a few minutes.  My skin can sometimes react negatively to heavily fragranced skincare products, but I experienced no breakouts with the Immortelle Divine Cream.  As far as the anti-aging benefits, I haven\'t noticed any difference in three months of use.  In fairness, I always use high quality facial creams and serums, so it\'s unlikely to register the same improvement in a situation like that as opposed to someone who uses few, if any, high-end beauty products.  My skin texture neither improved nor worsened, although I did notice that my skin wasn\'t quite as dewy or glowing with this cream as it is with some other night creams.  What I DO like about it?  It seems to last a bit longer than similarly sized jars of other creams.  I think this is because a smaller amount seems to go further when smoothing onto your face.  It has a bit of an oily texture going on, so my face would be a greasy mess if I used the amount I\'d normally use.  The result is that a little 1.7 oz jar is lasting longer than usual.  This would be great if it happened to be a night cream that I loved.  This L\'Occitane Immortelle Divine Cream works best used only as a night cream.  For several hours, my skin is left with a greasiness from it that doesn\'t work with any daytime makeup application.  It\'s fine for daytime when I\'m going without makeup, but most days I apply at least a light dusting of bareMinerals powder.  The powder just thickly gums up on my skin when I tried to apply it over this cream, even if I wait for a half hour or so.  And liquid foundation just sort of disappears and doesn\'t adhere to my skin.  I\'m always concerned about high-end beauty products possibly being counterfeit and I specifically avoid buying them if they\'re far below the normal purchase price or have slight differences in packaging.  My little jar arrived in original box with all of the safety seals, including the pretty embossed gold foil inner seal.  The expiration date on mine wasn\'t great -- due to expire 2-3 months after my date of receipt.  I\'d actually intended to send it back for a refund after I noticed that, but time got away from me and by the time I went to do it, it was after Amazon\'s 30-day return policy.  Bottom line, this cream does as well as any of my other favorite night creams in the $50-80 range.  If you don\'t mind the strong perfume scent or paying extra for a cream that doesn\'t seem to do anything special, you might be happy with it.', "OK, now I am very impressed with this particular brand's quality.  I have a few other items from Obagi.  They are pricey, yet so worth the money in my opinion.  I applied some drops of this vitamin C professional serum on my fingers to smooth on my face, neck, and chest.  This liquid smells wonderful; the texture is slick.  So slick that I need to watch getting it all over the bottle, ok?  The foil-covered bottle top has a cap which gets replaced by a dropper cap.  I see a visible difference in the appearance of my skin.  Wow.  I am so self-conscious about those deep lines I am getting above my lips as well.  I felt this product going on like silk, leaving me moist and perhaps a tad primed for the moisturizer, perhaps after cleansing, or followed up by some other treatments perhaps.  It is to be used day and night.  Obagi Professional-C Serum 20%, 1 fl. oz.  It is an antioxidant formula for all skin types.  I am not sure what the fragrance is.  This is very concentrated.  Also, this comes with an information booklet.  It covers different formulas from this company, and what they are for.  It has instructions.  Nothing complicated about this to worry about.  My skin agrees with it.  I am very inclined to purchase this product after I am finished with the bottle. I recommend it wholeheartedly.  I really didn't have a clue that anything could be done about my fine lines.", "I used this product last year and had great results. I am a bit of a product junkie so after my first tube of GrandeLash MD ran out I switched to a cheaper lash growth product on the market. Well...you get what you pay for. The new product did NOT work as well for me as the GrandeLash MD had. So here I am a year later and my lashes are back to average length again. I know when I start using GrandeLash MD my lashes will be back to looking long, thick and gorgeous! I am so excited! I never got SO many compliments on my eyes and my lashes as when I was using that product. So after using many different lash growth products on the market I can confidently say GrandeLash MD is the best (in my opinion). Also, I am an Esthetician/Makeup Artist and I recommend this product to all of my clients who are trying to achieve significant lash growth results without a prescription product. If you use it EVERY night the results will amaze you and everyone else! **UPDATE** May 15th 2013~  GrandeLash MD has created another miraculous growth spurt for my Lashes! They are long, thick, full and silky again. The other day I didn't feel like wearing mascara so I just used my eyelash curler on them. They look beautiful. I will never stray from this product again. It has proven to be the best of its kind on the market. It's gentle on my eyes and on my pocket book. Worth every penny. This is one of my beauty MUST HAVES!", "This is my updated review of the lavender soap bar! At first I didn't like it very much and had not bought bar soap for many years using only liquid soap for face, hands and body. I have tried this and a few others that are similar in price (or even more expensive) and it's growing on me now. The reviews of this soap are basically good and I can see now why they are. My skin has not been dry after using this and I did test it by not using any lotion on my body which I normally do every night after a shower. I also used it to hand wash some underwear and it was quite good. The lavender fragrance is not too strong for those who want to have the smell linger afterwards. As I said in my first review this bar is rather large and a bit awkward at first. I found it slipping out of my hands but am using a washcloth now to prevent this from happening. I did want to revise my first negative review for people like myself who do read them before buying something they're not familiar with online! The original version was: This is the first soap bar that I have purchased in many years - I use bath and shower gel and liquid face soap. I thought I would try something different and since this had many good reviews and I like the smell of lavender I bought it. I recently noticed that my skin was looking 'thin' and I attributed this to the many showers using a washcloth on my skin with the liquid soap. My skin is normally dry (bar soap has always been drying to me and I do apply moisturizer after every shower) and this one didn't feel dry right after using it which I did like. The bar is large and should last a long time but it does get slippery when it gets wet and slides off the built in soap bar in the shower and it's somewhat awkward to hold on to. The lavender smell is not so strong and it really doesn't have any scent unless you put your nose on top of the bar before it gets wet. As for the price of this soap I think it's a little too high and possibly because of the name L'Occitane and the fact that it's made in France the way it is described.  I'm not sorry I bought this and will use it eventually, perhaps for some hand washing of delicates. I will say this soap lathers very well!", 'The 39C razor has become an important part of my shaving repertoire. My sense is that it is at its best doing what I term as "maintenance shaves". That is, one or two passes in order to get to an acceptable level of closeness. On very thorough shaves, it can become a bit aggressive. Every time I\'ve done a third facial pass, I have found that I regretted it afterward. Not because I have actually cut myself, but because I have felt that I\'ve put more wear and tear on my face than was warranted.  My experience indicates that a moderate blade works best here, one that splits the difference between smoothness and sharpness. My go-to for the 39C is the Personna Lab Blue. The Wilkinson Sword worked great for the first pass, but was really prone to getting a bit too aggressive on subsequent passes. Of course, your results may vary.  What this razor excels at is the first pass. None of my other DE razors take as much hair off, as easily, as the 39C. If your preference is to simply do a quick shave every day, and you\'re not looking for a baby smooth result. This is your machine. I wouldn\'t recommend it as a first DE razor, but that\' simply because a slant head is always going to take a more gentle hand, and it could really cut you up if you couldn\'t find the angle. No, for a first razor, I would say a closed comb, mild model like the 34C would be the better choice.', "I'm SO glad I decided to try this toothpaste! Not only does it work, but it's so incredibly gentle! I seem to have become sensitive to whitening products, be it toothpaste or otherwise. They all either leave my gums raw, or cause tooth sensitivity. Not so with this toothpaste! My teeth have become blinding white since using. My dentist even asked me what I was using because the difference was so drastic (as I had hoped it would be!). I drink red wine, coffee, and I'm an ex-smoker. My teeth were getting a bit yellower as I neared 30 but they are finally white again and they are staying white!  The mint isn't too strong and doesn't make my eyes water either. Most toothpastes make my mouth feel like it's on fire, but this toothpaste does not.  My teeth look and feel great. This toothpaste gives my teeth that squeaky clean feeling and my dentist said my enamel doesn't look like it's taking a beating either which is a plus.  I couldn't recommend this toothpaste more. Skip the popular name brands and try this out. Yes, its more expensive, but a tube lasts me quite a long time and IT WORKS! The only downside is it can leave your toothbrush feeling hard after drying. This isn't too big of a deal for me personally, its just an annoying aspect. You also have to rinse with this toothpaste a bit. If you try it youll see why and what I mean. It leaves a milky white look behind even once you spit it out.  I went a period without repurchasing when I needed to because my husband wanted to try charcoal. It did nothing except cause gum pain. Over the course of this time my teeth started to dull but after reordering this and using it just once, my teeth were already whiter again. Its been a few weeks and my teeth are blinding white again.  This is my HG toothpaste and I recommend it to all my friends and family as well. It's pretty amazing stuff.", "I am 50 1/2 (lol but true). My neck and jowls are showing signs of aging. Starting to sag as it were. I got this product for the super-hydration it promises. Well it works! I'm a long time Image product user and just love this line! But this product is superb! It really is. My face looks better, brighter and more full of life. As for taking care of the sagging (which isn't all too bad yet thanks to other Image products) this one helps when combined with a retinol product in the evening. Yes you can combine this with other Image products. Just go to their website: [...] and read up on this fantastic line. And no I don't sell them. I just endorse them because they have worked so well for me. And at the Image website you cannot buy these products unless you are licensed anyway. But it is a good source of information if you choose to start using the products. In my many years of trying so many other products, I have never been more pleased with what Image does for my skin! I will not waste my money ever again on all these gimmicks (Dr. OZ and Opera promises just to name a couple). I'm going to stick with what I know works. Especially for my aging skin.", "I love this.  I was surprised at how difficult it was to find a truly matte bronzer.  Most have at least a tiny bit of shimmer which I hate.  They don't look natural or beautiful on light skin.  A lot of makeup artists say that a shimmery bronzer is great on people with deep skin tones.  My skin tone is light-medium.  The Balm seemed like a good one to try based on some YouTube reviews I watched.  I am absolutely pleased with it.  It's 100% matte, has a soft and creamy natural texture.  It is a powder but it really melts into my liquid and cream foundations beautifully.  It has good pigmentation, and a little bit of product goes a long way.  This makes it easier to work with since you don't have to keep layering it.  I find that products that aren't pigmented enough require a lot of layering which makes the product look caked on.  It is VERY easy to blend.  I love the shade most of all. It isn't too warm or cool.  It isn't ashy.  It's the perfect color for warming up your face.  I use it in the hallow of my cheek, my temple, jawline, and hairline.  Will continue to try out more products from The Balm.  I also love the Hot Mama blush!", '(Forgive me if this looks like another of my reviews. Some of these mags are indistinguishable to me.)  Ok, I do cook a lot, but my hubby is gluten free so a lot of the recipes are unusable, or need modification.  Like all other "home" mags it\'s very consumer-driven. Buy this new cleaner/foundation/moisturizer. Buy these new rugs/lamps/sofas. Buy these backpacks/storage cubes/clothes that are trending now for your kids. Buy, buy, buy. I find this very off-putting. Even  the "budget" room remodels (furniture replacement) usually have ridiculously priced rugs, lamps, or chairs that I can\'t ever imagine buying.  There are articles on handling family, financial, and social issues, party planning, etc as you would expect. It is very current, with discussions of sex (though not as frank as Redbook is), social media, and other issues.  Bottom line, if you are a modern mom with some disposable income trying to "do it all and look fabulous" this is probably right for you. For me, no kids, not so youth-driven, seldom entertain, it\'s not that interesting.  One thing this mag has over others in the Good Housekeeping Seal. They have the courage to stand behind items they feel truly work well and add to the quality of life for users.', "This is relatively light reading. Don't expect detailed plans for how to implement any of the ideas shown. However, I usually get at least a couple good ideas of out each issue. I prefer this magazine to Martha Stewart Living, which is more food-focused. Don't get me wrong - there are still plenty of food recipes in each issue of Country Living. However, it's a nice balance between articles on food, decor, DIY/crafts, flowers, and entertaining.  UPDATE: I used to look forward to receiving my issues in the mail. However, the magazine seems to be going in a new direction. One part of that is focusing more on older items, such as expensive vintage items I could never afford to buy. Another part is focusing on rustic items with patina, but to me, the items just look rusty and neglected. Those gruff items are pricey too. I don't want to fill my home with a bunch of nonsense items. That includes the nature-inspired items such as taxidermy. I'm not sure what is going on with this magazine to be honest. It's still somewhat enjoyable to read, but I may not renew my subscription.", 'Travel+Leisure Magazine is a fantastic magazine to subscribe to if you love to travel, and are open to various ideas of the possibilities of how to travel for relaxation. This magazine covers places from around the world of some of the best travel websites and hotels to stay at when you are traveling to many places in Europe, Asia, etc.  However, the one feature that I do LOVE about this magazine is how they feature a special issue just on Europe each year.  I treasure these "special issues" that cover Europe because places all across Europe are featured. For example, I feel very lucky to own the special issues that cover just Europe from the issues of May 2008, April 2009, and April 2010. The following are some of the features from these special issues that cover Europe: 1)In the May 2008 Travel+Leisure special issue of Europe there is a feature about the many travel gems to see in Vienna, Austria and 10 London, England restaurants that are recommended by British Food critic Paul Levy. There is also a fascinating article on ideas to consider for outdoor walking in France. 2) In the April 2009 Travel+Leisure Europe special issue there is a great feature on 22 Affordable European Hotels (my favorite visual feature is The Hotel Franziskaner in Zurich, Switzerland). There is a catchy article feature on the many places to visit in Lourdes, France. 3)In the April 2010 Europe feature there is a feature on Book Lover\'s London and a captivating article about Europe\'s best wine bars. I also like the 25 undiscovered European villages that are featured (the picture of the Staufen im Breisgau, a medieval town close to the Rhine Valley in southern Germany). I very much look forward to the 2011 Europe Special issue that Travel+Leisure is going to create.    The following are some of the exciting features of the February 2011 issue of Travel+Leisure:  1) There is the feature of 25 of some of the most romantic dream trips (the country retreat of Coworth Park in Berkshire, England stands out in a good way for me). 2)There is a colorful article titled "The Spirit of Dublin" and some of the wonderful places to check out while in Dublin, Ireland (the cafe owner pictured on page 94 seems pretty joyful and content in her life). 3)On page 40 the fashion designer, hotelier, and Apprentice Star Ivanka Trump is featured. I do feel that it was a good idea to feature her because in my humble opinion she resourcefully utilizes the wealth and opportunities that are presented to her.    Overall, Travel+Leisure is a great magazine to get for travel enthusiasts who love to dream and enjoy imagining the boundless opportunities that traveling brings.', 'Update: Fox News owner Rupert Murdoch has just purchased National Geographic.  Do not trust the content from here forward.  He is planning to turn the magazine and society into a for profit organization in order to hide science and progress under the guise of a \'scientific journal\'.  E-mail and cancel your subscriptions and send a message to this tyrant!  We want science and fact - not fiction and skewed articles serving right wing, mega corporate interests!!!  For a little while I was confused with the article selections.  It seemed they were picking some pieces that weren\'t really about geography, sociology, or history.  More like current events.  But the last year or two they have been on track with solid stories and spectacular photography.  I was more impressed with Smithsonian for awhile, but their new format is laughable (you can read my updated 3 star review at the Amazon listing:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Smithsonian-1-year-automatic-renewal/dp/B0032KHQU2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Smithsonian (1-year automatic renewal)</a>.  National Geographic has taken its place as top world history/sociology magazine again.  The stories may be less fleshed out than some other magazines.  These guys are definitely about the pictures.  But the pictures usually serve a purpose. They aren\'t just glossy and pretty.  Looking in a recent issue about global warming and population increase in Bangladesh, the pictures illustrate the point of the story: the struggles of many impoverished citizens in a country in the grip of climate change.  The stories have gotten less \'preachy\' and don\'t tend to berate folks for not doing everything they can to help those in need.  Instead the stories tend to show both outlooks on a divided issue without painting one in a bad light.  Of course, the reader can usually infer from the nature of the story the outlook that Nat Geo favors.  It is a highly liberal magazine focused on conservation, but that is what they have been about for years, so it shouldn\'t surprise anyone.  I highly recommend this magazine for those folks looking for great stories on a variety of topics pertaining to nature, history, and people.', "I love hiking and the outdoors. I've always enjoyed reading backpacker and three years ago, I subscribed for three years. Now, my subscripiton is coming to an end. I almost didn't renew, as with other magazines of late, the quality is going downhill and the magazine has lost about 20 pages. It is not what is used to be. There seems to be a trend out there, and I can't be the only one that notices it, but over the last year or so, some of my favorite magazines have cut down on the amount of pages in each issue and it is noticeable. I know the economy is in a sh-t, but I did pay in advance for a cerain magazine. Suddenly, all these magazine shrink the issues without any notice what so over. And they expect to keep us when the price remains the same for less of the magazine. I don't know. For this reason, I didn't want to pay a lot to renew. I figured I'd renew for one more year to give it a chance, and see where the magazine is headed. Happily, the price at Amazon.com beat the renewal/new subscription prices offered by Backpacker magazine itself. Imagine that. Hopefully, Backpacker goes back to where it was, instead of where it seems to be going. If it doesn't, it'll be another magazine I will not renew. You'd think the publishers would want to keep the subscribers they do have, but they don't. I know because I have contacted editors of a few magazines: Smart Computing for one and the editor first asked me what I missed. When I told him, he couldn't care less. What a bad attitude! Needless to say, I cancelled my three subscription and received a refund, only partial because they wanted to keep all my money.", "To begin with, I am not much into fashion, so take that into consideration while reading my review. I grew up in the mid-west, where for most people considering we are surrounded by corn fields and our communities are filled with farmers, comfort is more important than fashion. You are more likely to see farm and home stores than fashion stores. Anyway, this was only $5 so I took a chance on ordering it along with several other magazines (which I have a surplus of and am currently behind on reading lol) and this is one of the only ones that even though it is only $5, I had to cancel even if they didn't refund me. I just did not want this coming to my house every month. It is a thick magazine which is good and bad, but one issue was like an encyclopedia. When I started flipping through the pages, MOST of it was ads for products and designers. Just women posing in silly clothes and makeup. The articles, to me, were boring, bland, and not relevant to my life or interests. I read one article where a woman struggled with her appearance because she was Jewish and had a big nose and whatever and it made me kinda sad that she couldn't accept herself for such a long time. Everyone is beautiful in different ways and magazines like ELLE present a culture of one kind of beauty which really isn't beautiful. It's fake and kind of scary. So I just did not want this magazine in my house. I am sticking with more down to earth magazines. I enjoy a range of health magazines, home and family magazines, and girly magazines that aren't quite so fashion centered. Again, this is my opinion so please don't criticize me. I understand location has a lot to do with how you view fashion and body image but I am perfectly happy with me!  Update: I'm glad some people are finding my review helpful! I also forgot to mention that my mom (a woman in her 50's) exchanges magazines with me and this magazine has very small print which made the magazine hard for her to read. And I flipped through the last issue I received and most of the articles (at the end of the magazine since the first half of it is full of ads) were about feminism. I am not a feminist and that's as far as I'll go on that subject. You can formulate your own opinion of the articles. Just pointing it out to potential subscribers since I had no idea what to expect from this magazine. Another article in this magazine was defending photo shop and feeding false body images to women as artwork like it is no big deal! I was shocked because it contributes to eating disorders and low self esteem in many women, especially young women. A better name for this magazine would be SUPERFICIAL.", 'I get annoyed with fashion magazines that, in addition to fashion and beauty advice, try to sell you poorly written articles on global affairs. The result: one page you are reading about ten best eyelash curlers, next page you are pondering the tragic fate of a female South American assassin. A radiculous combination...  Not so with In-Style. The magazine does not make pretentions about its purpose: to educate women on what to wear NOW, how to wear it and where to buy it. There is ample advice on best beauty and hair products. The articles are always fashion/entertainment industry related, nothing too heavy duty (for that I go on CNN.com and BBC.co.uk), and convey lots of useful information. To give you an example: with winter approaching, I know I must invest in a new coat and some other warmer garb. I want to make every penny count. In the September issue I was glad to discover the article: What to Know Before You Shop. I did learn some new tips and tricks! The multitude of pictures is also inspiring: I realized with only a couple of new accessories and a new way of combining items I already own, I could create at least three brand new and fashion forward outfits! Yey for me! ;o) I am also happy to report that the magazine promotes a wide range of price points: yes, there are some "dream" items, like the [...]+ necklace, but they are balanced by items below the [...] mark and everything in-between.  Anyway, I hope this magazine helps you as much as it helps me! Two other magazines you may want to try: Lucky and StyleWatch. Enjoy!', 'I like most scientific publications because it comes down to, or should come down to, objective reporting of facts. Unfortunately SA has gone and started to editorialize the information it reports. I\'m amazed at the community of "scientists"  who swear up and down the sky is falling,or at least that it has a hole in and we\'re all going to die because of it. Do these people take into consideration the absolute immensity of the earth and atmosphere? They can tell that us, unequivocally, that we are damaging the atmosphere and that apparently they know the correct climate conditions for earth in 2014. What a load of dreck! The earth is so massive that man amounts to a pimple on it. The atmosphere is so immense that earth is a speck of dust, they can\'t possibly know what the correct ratio of gasses and vapor is supposed to be, yet we are bombarded with junk science that says we are killing the planet and the atmosphere because we release gas and vapor. How about proof of concept? Hewal and stream, river or ocean. They can\'t but they want us to believe that they can heal the earth and atmosphere? If we can\'t find a pinging airliner in the Indian Ocean, how can we believe that these "Chicken Little" scientists and their gloom and doom forecasts? We can\'t control or influence the weather or the atmosphere around the globe, If everybody in China jumped up and down at the same time, could they influence the orbit of the earth? No! because it\'s so huge. it can\'t be done. Yet we hear daily that we have to sequester carbon and stop using petroleum and switch to solar, wind or unicorn power. Guess what happens to sequestered carbon in trees when the tree dies or is cut down. It gets released. Al Gore set  the alternative energy industry free with his forecast or "Global Warming".  We\'ve spent billions of alternative energy (Solara) and objective people have figured out that we can\'t meet demands by converting to "sustainable" energy sources. We have been sold a bill of goods, pay no attention to the man or woman behind the curtain, The political theater of "greenies" are going to save the world using regulations and unfunded mandates. SA has drunk the Kool-Aid and are now mixing up and distributing batch after batch each month. Who believes that man can "fix" the weather or environment? Who believes that somebody can correctly predict the correct climate and weather conditions for earth in 2014?  Count me out, I\'m subscribing to and actual objective journal that reports actual or real information not this unicorn riding, mantra chanting mass hallucination of a Big Bank Theory magazine.', "VERANDA reigns along with the other three most beautiful and stylish U.S. shelter magazines today: Architectural Digest, Elle Decor and House Beautiful. What I like about VERANDA is the photography and rooms dominate and the text takes a supporting role.  The magazine features many full-page and double-page spreads of gorgeous rooms with not a lot of text interrupting.  Design is one of the fields in which you can learn by just studying a room in detail to get a sense of the scale, proportion, balance of texture and light and shadow etc.  You are training your eye in what the best designers find beautiful.  A full and double-page spread allows you to do that better than smaller, choppier photos. It's great to have more visual, less words in which the rooms triumph. More to see--less to read. There's enough text in VERANDA to get into the designers'/homeowners' minds. VERANDA'S lush heavy paper stock is a joy, too, and increases the aesthetic experience.  The photos of the rooms look spectacular on it.  VERANDA features eclectic styles and locations.  This month, for example, the magazine showcases a townhouse in Georgetown, a Park Avenue apartment, a Parisian pied-a-terre, a Florida ocean-front home and a Normandy-inspired Atlanta home along with a Cotswold garden. There's a mix of styles from Provencal antiques to Art Deco to a soft, tailored modern. It's a monthly infusion of visual beauty and grace. (As an aside: I love buying my shelter magazines through Amazon as I've been able to get great subscription prices and track my subscriptions so I don't miss a single issue, which is helpful when you subscribe to lots of magazines.)  Under new editor Dara Caponigro's vision, VERANDA magazine sings and soars."]
['Out of the three Bliss Garden Terrariums I bought, this is my absolute favorite.  It includes a tiny air plant, three different colors of moss, a branched stick, a sea urchin shell, sand, a thin glass terrarium globe that looks like a tipped brandy snifter, and a set of instructions.  The components come wrapped in tissue paper or bubble wrap, but loose in the box so you may have to hunt for them.  (There isn\'t a single, giftable box containing everything.)  Except for the pedestal portion, the glass is extremely thin and therefore fragile.  From base to top, it measures about 5".  Assembly took about ten minutes and is easier if you use tweezers, although fingers are fine.  All you do is dump the sand in the bottom and arrange the rest according to your preferences.  The air plant must be submerged in water before adding.  You\'ll have to water the plant in this way about once a week, so make sure you can remove it without disturbing the rest.  I placed mine on top of the sea urchin hole, as per the product photo, and the base of the plant is a little too big (or the sea urchin too small) for a perfect fit, which means its more balanced there than inside.  This makes a unique and beautiful gift, although you\'ll have to find a small box that will fit everything because it doesn\'t come in any form that is truly gift-able, something I hope the company will rectify in the future.  (If you pre-assemble it, the scene is unlikely to make it to its destination intact.)  I\'ve paired this pedestal terrarium with a teardrop one and a succulent globe, and they are substantial enough together to draw your eye to them.  -- Debbie Lee Wesselmann', 'First off.  I ordered this for $5 from amazon while on special.  Takes about 2-3 months to get the first issue (which it clearly states when ordering).  There are some interesting articles, many intended for beginners.  Since the vast majority of yoga students are beginners, they are definitely hitting the target market.  But being a very advanced practitioner, I wasn\'t expecting too much from this magazine.  I was slightly surprised though from several of the peripheral articles.  That is, the articles not about the actual physical activity of yoga, but about the mind and lifestyle associated with.  Things like adding Feng Shui to your abode or tips for vacationing or improving wellness.  That is why I actually give it some good stars.  The one less star than perfect is because this magazine has TONS of ads.  Lots.  And many are for companies and products that many yoga students could care less about... Though some are of interest.  I don\'t mind some Lululemon and Gaiam ads, but flip through one issue and you see that nearly 2/3 of the magazine is ad space...  But I guess that\'s where the money is.  Not in the $5 to $15 per year subscriptions.  Also of note:  9 issues.  Not 12 for a year.  Just fyi.  If you know what you\'re getting with this periodical, then it\'s a good thing to have.  Just don\'t be shocked that the poses mentioned are pretty basic, or some of the fundamentals are covered over and over again.  It\'s meant for the beginner.  I have a couple of books that have more advanced information and those are what I use for improving my alignment in poses:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Athlete-s-Guide-to-Yoga-An-Integrated-Approach-to-Strength-Flexibility-and-Focus/dp/193403004X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Athlete\'s Guide to Yoga: An Integrated Approach to Strength, Flexibility, and Focus</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Optimal-Health-for-a-Vibrant-Life-A-30-Day-Program-to-Detoxify-and-Replenish-Body-and-Mind/dp/1451548435/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Optimal Health for a Vibrant Life: A 30-Day Program to Detoxify and Replenish Body and Mind</a>.  Both excellent for those who are beyond a beginner level.  But for $5 I\'m happy.', "The weekly bible of everything entertainment, from movies, TV, music , video games and books (among other things). I have been s subscriber for nearly 15 years and although I do not agree with many of their reviews, there is always something interesting to read in the magazine. The only thing that irks me a lot is their opinion that THE WALKING DEAD is the best TV show on the air since the invention of sliced bread. Any intellectual viewer will see that the characters come directly out of Stereotypes 101 and the plots are nothing but recycled George Romero and countless other zombie films, but they always manage to put a story or photo of the series in every issue. Whomever thought that this was the best show ever on TV really needs to watch more TV. Even the worst episode of THE X-FILES makes the best episode of THE WALKING DEAD look like the worst episode of WHO'S THE BOSS. Just because a TV show has taboo-breaking gore on it does not make it a great series. What about M*A*S*H, THE WIRE, THE SOPRANOS, ST. ELSEWHERE, OZ, JUSTIFIED, THE AMERICANS, GAME OF THRONES, AMERICAN HORROR STORY or any other good show that made or makes TV worthwhile? To EW, they are nothing but chickenfeed when put next to THE WALKING DEAD. Like I said, that is really my only complaint about the magazine, but it is enough of an annoyance whenever I see I cover on the zine devoted to the show (and there have been many!). They do have a good staff of writers and make me laugh every now and then, so I give them a pass when it comes to TWD. It's a great zine at a very affordable price if you have it renewed every year. You pay like $0.49 an issue. A real bargain.", 'X is one of the best punk bands ever. I don\'t even like calling them a punk band, but that\'s what they call themselves so I guess it\'s OK. This is musically complex punk with a lot of influences and a lot of tight playing and gripping tunes.  This is an awesome concert. The only two problems are that 1) it is just 67 minutes long and 2) John Doe\'s bass is buried too deep in the mix.  Every X fan should get this. More importantly, anyone who doesn\'t know about X should get this.  Why X? Did you know, for example, that: - X has a different sound based on the unique harmonies between co-lead singers Exene Cervenka and John Doe that really sets them apart from anything else out there? - Doe, Cervenka and drummer DJ Bonebrake also play in the country punk band The Knitters? - Billy Zoom, the guitarist who originally formed the band, used to play rockabilly guitar for Gene Vincent and other big stars, and has been voted one of the greatest guitar players ever by Guitar Player magazine? - X were playing Leadbelly tunes way before Kurt Cobain? - Ray Manzarek, keyboard player of The Doors, produced X\'s first four albums? This is one of the big reasons why the band covered and generally closed its concerts with "Soul Kitchen" from the album&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Doors/dp/B000MCIBE8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Doors</a> - Cervenka and Doe used to be married, before Exene later married Viggo Mortensen -- Aragorn from the Lord of the Rings movies? - Billy Zoom left the band from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s, but during this time the band still managed to record&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/X-Live-at-the-Whisky-a-Go-Go/dp/B000005IRW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">X Live at the Whisky a Go-Go</a>, one of the greatest live rock albums ever, with guitarist Tony Gilkyson?  As this DVD proves, X is still as good as ever. Billy Zoom still plays standing in his trademark splayed-leg stance with a broad grin on his face. Did I say he is awesome? Awesome.  I waited way too long before getting this one, thinking I could do without an X DVD. And I could have. But why should I? This really is worth it, and I\'m sure I\'ll be putting this one in the player more often than a lot of my other music DVDs. Really, really good.', "One of the best-done Bible movies ever, if not the very best.  I'm a pastor.  Great acting; great story telling.  Pretty good regarding Biblical faithfulness.  The theology in this has nothing objectionable, and I'm a stickler on getting theology right, since that's my job.  Even the extra-Biblical stuff that's in the movie is not Biblically-off.  Great theological themes pervade the movie.  Like someone else said, I could've done without the bath scene.  There's no nudity in it, and something like this might have happened, sure; but it makes me unable to hand the DVD over to my younger daughters.  I always have to watch this with them and flip by that scene when it comes up.  Don't let that deter you from buying this, though.  This is in the series done by Ted Turner.  I wish Christians, in making Biblical movies, would be as theologically and Biblically accurate and excellent as this film.  Bravo!  I love this movie.", 'There are no words accurate enough to praise this enthralling television miniseries.  "Joseph" is one of the most fascinating of biblical accounts, and I will not rehash the plot since it is done superbly by other reviewers here.  I will simply say that this timeless true account of a faithful and courageous young man is a wonderful tool to use with teenagers.  Satan has planted so much filth in the movie industry, and I praise God that there are filmmakers who still desire to present the truth.  "Joseph" presents a magnificent story of forgiveness and integrity that all teenagers can learn from.  This miniseries is one of the best biblical retellings in film fashion I\'ve ever come across.  The story grabs you from the very beginning and is never dull.  Paul Mercurio is excellent in his portrayal of Joseph, presenting a teenager and young man with exceptional character.  Mercurio brings a vulnerability to this man that endeared him to me at once.  The scene where he cries for mercy after his brothers\' betrayal moved me to tears.  Joseph struggles with temptations and is flawed like us all.  Ben Kingsley is excellent as Potipher, portraying a man of integrity and care.  The actors portraying Joseph\'s brothers are equally excellent.  Several reviewers have complained about the scene with Joseph and Potipher\'s wife, a femme fatale portrayed with unabashed glee by Leslie Ann Warren.  This scene is sexually charged, but I believe it is accurate with Scripture.  The Bible doesn\'t sugarcoat things, nor should we think the Bible hereos were not susceptible to temptation.  Although God never reveals if Potipher\'s wife was a temptation to Joseph, I logically don\'t see how she could not have ben.  He was, after all, seventeen when the attempted seduction took place.  Wouldn\'t any of us struggle in this area at this age? Besides, seeing Joseph struggle makes the viewer empathize with his predicament.  Anyway, I say this only to encourage you not to let this one scene put you off.  Please give this wonderful film a chance.  Happy viewing, and God bless you.', 'This WONDERFUL film is a total treat on every level! I admit my reason for the first viewing was strictly as an enthusiast of films set in ancient Egypt. On this level, the film is probably the best I\'ve seen to recreate what that era must have really been like. The sets and costumes have a complete feel of reality, unlike the many  "Hollywoodized" Egyptian ventures. But, that\'s not the reward I got by the end of the film. It\'s as much a tear-jerker as the old Ross Hunter/Lana Turner films! And, the performances, especially that of Paul Mercurio in the title role, (WHY don\'t we see more work from him?), Martin Landau as his father Jacob, Ben Kingsly as the Egyptian over-seer Pontiphur, and Lesly Ann Warren as his wife, are exceptional! There is even a most erotically charged scene or two between Pontiphur\'s adulteress wife and a scantily clad Joseph. Most everyone already knows the story. Joseph is the favored son of his father, inspiring lethal jealousy from his other sons, Joseph\'s brothers. They conspire to get rid of Joseph, but can\'t bring themselves to actually kill him, so they sell him into slavery. He ends up in Egpyt and, over the years, thanks to his talent for explaining the meanings of dreams, rises to a position of power second only to Pharaoh. Circumstances reunite Joseph with his brothers, although they don\'t know who he is. The revelation of his identity to them and his reunion with his father will touch the heart of anyone who has one! Originally shown as a 2-part TV mini-series by TNT a few years ago, I\'m eagerly awaiting the DVD release - uninterrupted by commercials, and including a making-of featurette. Don\'t let this jewel get by you!', 'There are many films about our Lord and Savior out there, and they usually offer something different.  The 1977 "Jesus of Nazareth" offers a harmonious composition of the 4 Gospels as well as educated speculation. You need 6 1/2 hours to watch it. But it is well worth the time.  Mr. Gibson\'s "The Passion" (2004) was interesting if you want to see just to what extent Jesus suffered.  I also give Mel Gibson credit for underlining that the mass is not only a reenactment of the Last Supper, but it also embodies the sorrowful events of Good Friday and the glorious events of Easter Sunday.  (Though it\'s far from what I would call a child friendly version.)  This is a great version if you don\'t have 6 1/2 hours to watch the phenomenal "Jesus of Nazareth," or if you don\'t feel up to the brutal and intense "The Passion."  This film is kept at a 2 hour length.  But the tradeoff is that the events in the film are ONLY from the "Gospel According to Luke."  That probably won\'t bother everyone, but I felt obligated to point out that you can\'t expect the best scenes of all 4 Gospels.  Alright. Onto the subject at hand. The film begins with Mary being visited by the Holy Spirit. Another thing I should point out is that to help keep the film under 2 hours, narration is used to explain the shift from event to event.  I\'d rather not go too much into a plot synopsis. If you have read "Luke," you probably already have an idea of what is to follow. I can however say that the film is done with a beautiful style that has dignity and is not overdone. Brian Deacon (Jesus) doesn\'t play the role with the same intensity that Robert Powell did in "Jesus of Nazareth." But Deacon gives the role a gentle dignity. He gives a real feeling of beauty to the lessons. And while he doesn\'t have the same fierceness during Jesus\' frustrations as Robert Powell did, we can feel his frustration when he gets annoyed.  The sorrowful Good Friday scenes are certainly nowhere near as brutal as the ones in "The Passion." But we still get the idea of how much Jesus is suffering. And the glorious events of Easter Sunday are beautifully done.  Like I said, if you don\'t have 6 1/2 hours to watch the phenomenal "Jesus of Nazareth," and you don\'t feel quite up to the brutality of \'The Passion," this 1979 Brian Deacon film is a perfect alternative.  Another thing I should point out is that "The Passion" is NOT child friendly. "Jesus of Nazareth" is in the middle. It\'s certainly nowhere near the brutality of "The Passion." But 6 1/2 hours may be too much to show some children. One great thing about this film with Brian Deacon is that it is really child friendly. The lessons are there and drawn accurately from "Luke." And the suffering of Good Friday is there, but not overdone  as in "The Passion."  Another thing that makes this film good for children is that most of the footage is taken from the simply (but also beautifully) written "Good News Bible."  I like "Jesus of Nazareth" and "The Passion." And I can suggest this film as well without reservation.', 'If you\'re familiar with the Arthur program airing on PBS, you already know just how clever this show can be. Created by Marc Brown and based on his books, Arthur Read is an aardvark who shares adventures (and misadventures!) with friends like Buster Baxter (a rabbit), Francine Frensky (a monkey), Binky Barnes (a bulldog), Muffy Crosswire (a very RICH monkey), and others. Arthur is often at odds with his little sister D.W. (Dora Winifred) which makes for much of the shows comedic moments.  In Arthur\'s Perfect Christmas, the scene begins with Arthur sitting at the piano, softly playing Pachebel\'s Canon. This movie, like the TV show, uses day-dream sequences--and Arthur plunges into a snazzy song called "Perfect Christmas". You see, this holiday, Aruthur wants it to be absolutely PERFECT...but things go wrong in the town of Elwood City, for both Arthur AND his friends!  For example, Muffy expects Francine to attend her big Christmas party, but Francine has told Muffy REPEATEDLY that her family is having a Hannukah gathering the same night. What happens when Francine doesn\'t show up for the party to receive her present?  Buster Baxter worries about his Mom who seems to obsess over having a perfect Christmas for her son, especially since the divorce. Buster comes up with "Baxter Day" which takes the pressure of his Mom and displays the true meaning of the holidays--love and kindness.  Arthur searches the mall for presents for his parents, D.W. is desperate for a Tina the Talking Tabby (whose theme song haunts Arthur everywhere he goes!), Uncle Fred makes an unexpected visit on his way to a Floridian Christmas, and Arthur\'s Dad insists on making an "authentic" dinner that was likely served in Bethlehem over 2000 years ago.  Holidays such as Kwanzaa and Hanukkah are also highlighted making this a fun and informative DVD.  I bought the Arthur\'s Perfect Christmas DVD for my son several years ago and it\'s STILL his favorite. I just brought out the Christmas DVD\'s and VHS\'s and he plays this one several times a day. It\'s filled with fun songs (24 of them!), witty banter, and clever wordplay. Not only that, there\'s a great message that expectations often disappoint and that a wonderful experience can arise out of mishaps and situations not going as planned.  This 60 minute DVD doesn\'t have any extras (except for previews of other Arthur DVD\'s), but this excellent movie is well worth the price in my opinion. My husband and I get a kick out of the cleverness shown in Arthur TV series and this movie is no exception. And as I said, it\'s my son\'s favorite holiday movie.  Highly recommended for kids and parents alike!', 'still not into this after watching once! Just do Kagels when I think of it! Am 57, started symptoms at menopause! Don\'t understand WHY! Only had ONE child, C section! Carried low the whole time and could never go to bathroom! Still, am 4 11" always small! Weight yo yo All my life 90/110! Gained 50 POUNDS WHEN PREGNANT, MOSTLY WATER, GD DURING PREGNANCY SO ON STRICT DIET! I think what caused problems/RUNNING FOR YEARS, WEIGHTS WHILE EXERCISING! I recommend all women wear a support belt while pregnant! No ONE EVER TOLD ME THIS COULD HAPPEN TO OUR BODY! So when Dr. Said I had this I was shocked! So FAR refused Surgery! What has helped is two green drinks EVERY DAY! Plus 3 FIBER MATE TABLETS! Use a bench for feet in bathroom! Never let myself get constipated! Breath to go to bathroom/NO FORCE! Never thought I would write this but I hate reading What has happened to hundreds of women who had surgery! Would Never have! Also, use bio hormones! Afraid of estrogen cream but use occasionally! Don\'t want Cancer! NO RUNNING! NO WEIGHTS! NO HEAVY LIFTING! Walk and elyptical! Am afraid of sex but give in once in a while so husband doesn\'t divorce me! Need to lose ten or fifteen pounds but haven\'t been able to! My whole life could only lose weight running Weights and fasting! Will try this video more after reading reviews! Am still very depressed about the future of this FRIKIN NIGHTMARE! I don\'t leak or have pain etc. one women Doctor said DONT HAVE SURGERY, HERS IS WORSE AND SHE LIVES WITH IT! Had the flu a few days and after throwing up for days it caused severe lower back pain, bleeding! And now feels like I urinate in the wrong place! Am going to keep reading what other people do! After the mesh stories I cannot see giving in to such a nightmare! God bless ALL YOU WOMEN! Tell young women to do these exercises all there life and wear support belt when pregnant! Wish someone would have told me!  Another thought for MOMS! I carried my daughter around all the time because she didn\'t have DAD! She had legs rapped around my waste above my hips! Did this until probably five! Was a muscular child, not fat, but big boned and heavy frame, all muscle! I NOW think all the pressure from holding her like this a lot might have contributed big time! So "STUPID" THAT I never thought holding her would hurt me! God bless you all! Sincerely', "I have used this now for a few months and have found it helpful.  I already knew that I was having problems with a nervous bladder, but when I experienced a prolapse, I was frightened.  After doing some research, I found that prior to any surgery or other medical things, a round of physical therapy would be ordered. I decided I'd rather do this in the privacy and comfort of my own home. Tasha Mulligan is a PT and specialized in this area. The anatomy and explanations are well done and well presented for visualization. This was important - and helpful - to me. Also helpful, is the quiet, matter of fact voice, the pace of the workouts, and her counting. I can't count, concentrate and exercise at the same time - I need someone else counting!  It took a full month of using this on the FIRST set of workouts, before I could slightly feel the muscles move.  It was in the second month that I began noticing the improvement of bladder issues, with the other nice side effect of seeing a slightly thinner waist and stomach muscles. The third month, the prolapse was not bothering me.  I have followed up with my OBGYN who let me know I was doing the right thing and encouraged me to keep it up.  I'm still only doing the first and part of the second sets of workouts.  I am well-pleased with the results and grateful that Tasha Mulligan put it out.", 'The plot of this short film revolves around the young George Lucas in his senior year of film school. He\'s trying to write a great agricultural space epic, but can\'t seem to put anything together until he meets a beautiful girl with big hair in the student theatre. She encourages him to write what he knows and from there it\'s movie history. The DVD version of this short film includes a short commentary by the film\'s creators, an enhanced version of the film (basically a pop-up video trivia veiwing), a short "making of" documentary, chapter search, and a "special" secret feature (the code number is 1138). For being a short film, a lot of these features seem redundant. However, they fit in with the spirit of the film and make the DVD that much more entertaining. Also included on the DVD are three other shorts. EVIL HILL is a parody of the Austin Powers films and the movie NOTTING HILL. A young Mr. Evil (he\'s not a doctor yet) is treated like a monster by the people in his small town in Bavaria. However, one day Marilyn Monroe wanders into his children\'s book store and his life is changed forever. FILM CLUB is a parody of the movie FIGHT CLUB. If you haven\'t seen the movie, this short parody will make no sense whatsoever. The final short is SWING BLADE, a parody of SLING BLADE and SWINGERS. That short is filmed as a coming attraction and shows what would happen if Karl from SLING BLADE moves to L.A. and hooks up with the gang from SWINGERS. Overall, a highly entertaining DVD that fans of STAR WARS and/or film buffs will enjoy.', 'The title on this exercise DVD does not really match the actual content. "Yoga-Lite for Biblical Worship after Childbirth" may be a better title.  Tonya leads a gentle, soft yoga practice (not powerful as in the title) geared towards intermediate practitioners. There is not a lot of sculpting performed in the practice, although her Yoga routine can provide some toning. She provides very little instruction or beginner options so I would not recommend it if you\'re looking for a beginner\'s stretching routine. For instance, during Chaturanga (slow downward movement plank), she does not give the option to lower your knees first, then goes into the full upward dog position. She does bridge pose (an advanced yoga posture) with very little instruction and poor form.  Also, if you\'re looking for a non-demoninational practice, this is not the DVD for you. She talks specifically about God, Jesus, and Repenting and includes quotes from the bible during what\'s called the "Spritual Warm-Up", which assumes all spiritual practitioners believe in God and follow the Bible. It felt more like a sermon/lecture to me. This turned me off, specifically since it\'s marketed as a regular "stretching" video.  The practice is somewhat weak, Tonya\'s voice is too soft and she does not provide clear enough queues so you have to look up quite often to follow her routine. Moveover, the music is too load and has church-based singing which even more overpowers her delicate voice.  The introduction video section has Tonya and her single student showing their new babies. It is commendable that they both just gave birth and have made a video. All the proceeds go to "Acres 4 Life" which helps people in Africa learn to farm their land, which is awesome! I really appreciate their efforts and work helping people with their loving kindness, but again, it would be better to be straight forward in their marketing that their efforts have religious undertones. It\'s not that I don\'t support them, but they should be clear on the cover of the DVD that the proceeds will be used for religious-based projects.  If you\'re looking for a couple excellent (non-demoninational) well produced stretching DVD\'s, I would recommend the following: Full Body Stretch by Karen Voight <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Full-Body-Stretch/dp/B00467182C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Full Body Stretch</a>  Cool it Off by Mary Schaefer <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cool-It-Off-Debbie-Siebers-Slim-Series-Stretch-Recovery-Workout-DVD/dp/B000A3XER8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cool It Off - Debbie Siebers\' Slim Series: Stretch/Recovery Workout ( DVD)</a>  Total Body Stretching by Cathe Friedrich <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cathe-Friedrich-s-Total-Body-Stretching-DVD/dp/B000B872PC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cathe Friedrich\'s Total Body Stretching DVD</a> and Stretch Max <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stretch-Max-with-Cathe-Friedrich/dp/B001E65A8G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stretch Max with Cathe Friedrich</a>  Deep Stretch with Mimi Solaire <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Deep-Stretch-Yin-Yoga-with-Mimi-Solaire/dp/B001JT6Y8S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Deep Stretch/ Yin Yoga with Mimi Solaire</a> and Back in Shape <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Back-in-Shape/dp/B0001BRMUE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Back in Shape</a>  Save Your Lower Back with Annetee Fletcher <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Save-Your-Lower-Back-Release-Strengthen-Stretch-with-Annette-Fletcher/dp/B00097C4B2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Save Your Lower Back - Release, Strengthen, Stretch with Annette Fletcher</a> and Stretch & Joint Mobility <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stretch-and-Joint-Mobility-Therapy/dp/B00095MBNK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stretch and Joint Mobility Therapy</a>  Pilates for Flexibility by Amy Brown <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pilates-for-Life-Pilates-for-Flexibility/dp/B000BNKB14/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pilates for Life: Pilates for Flexibility</a>', "I just got the Region 2 Disney UK DVD of Condorman in the mail today and instantly put it in the player.  I am fairly certain that I saw this in the theater and then a million times on the Disney Channel, but have not seen it since the mid 80's when I was very young.  When I started to watch, I noticed how it was similar in concept to Gotcha! (1985), with an American civilian mixed up in international intrigue. And as much as I still like Gotcha!, Condorman is the superior movie. Gotcha! is all nerdy hormones and awkwardness, while Condorman just rolls out fantastic comic book surprises one after the next.  For an actor whose career apparently peaked with this movie, Michael Crawford does a great job and is very likeable. James Hampton is a guy with not a ton of name recognition, but has a ton of face recognition, and is great in this movie. Barbara Carrera went on to be a Bond girl opposite Sean Connery 2 years later, and is very much a Bond girl here and Oliver Reed plays a menacing villain.  Even though The Cat From Outer Space (1978) has more than 6 actors with speaking lines, and a cast filled with recognizable stars from TV and Disney movies, Condorman is just as much fun.  The Region 2 Disney UK DVD comes with no special features. Audio options are English, French and German. With Subtitles options being English, French and German as well. The credits all come at the beginning of the movie, which was how credits were done until George Lucas changed the industry with Star Wars, so the lack of end credits seems a bit jarring. When I played this on my computer with the VLC player, there was black bars both below and on the side of the image. But in my multiregion Blu Ray player, the image wiled my widescreen TV.  Several UK sellers on Amazon are selling this for under $10 plus shipping and at that price, you can't go wrong with this DVD, if you have the ability to play other region DVDs.", "I was in middle school when this movie came out. It was 1981 and I had saved up my pocket money to pay for the bus ride into the city and the admission for a matinee to a movie that seemed so exciting and lively to me.  I had read the book 'The Game of X' by Robert Sheckley as well as the adaptation of the movie by Heather Simon and imagined every scene in my head as I had gone through it. The movie was everything a young boy could have hoped for - a rollicking, comedic adventure with a very beautiful female Russian agent (Carrera) and a sinister KGB chief (played by Oliver Reed).  The only problem I have with this movie is the miscasting of Michael Crawford as Woody Wilkins, the cartoonist who helps out a friend of his at the CIA office in Paris. Englishman Crawford puts on the most exaggerated American accent imagineable, although admittedly he has the brilliant comedic timing necessary to pull off this role.  The CIA in France has a problem. They need a civilian to act as a courier to Istanbul. Of course Woody gets the job, but right from the start it's obvious he is taking his role just a little too seriously. By the time he arrives to meet his KGB contact in Turkey he has fully assumed the role of his cartoon creation - top CIA agent and superhero Condorman.  Barbara Carrera (who two years later would get to play a Bond girl - the very movies this one attempts to lampoon) plays KGB agent Natalia. Later, when she makes the decision to defect, the impressive Condorman comes to mind as the only CIA agent she will trust to handle her defection.  The only problem is the CIA does not have an agent with the codename Condorman.  What follows is an adventure filled race across Europe with enough gadgets to fill several Bond movies. There is some great car chases (performed by legendary French stunt driver Remy Julienne and his 16-man crew of drivers and mechanics), boat chases and along the way Crawford sports some of the most outrageous disguises in cinema history. It's all great fun and it's executed perfectly.  For high flying escapist entertainment they don't come much more downright enjoyable than this. The DVD is a disappointment with no special features to speak off except a rather slim production notes section in the inside cover booklet. It's 2 pages of notes on the making of the movie, with sections on 'The Story,' 'The Setting,' 'Gadgetry' and 'Stunts and Special Effects,' but it's all very slim pickings.  But, I've had this movie in my DVD collection for over two years and on those quiet rainy Saturday's it's a particular favorite (along with 1980s FLASH GORDON) to put in my DVD player and sit back and remember a more innocent time in my life.  Recommended for all dreamers.", "For some reason it seems fashionable to criticize this production, mainly because it carries old footage from Masterpiece Theatre, hosted by Russell Baker.  Further, this film was sponsored by Mobil Oil Co. and produced by the BBC.  In addition, some reviewers may see it competing with the classic starring John Mills and Alec Guinness from 1947.  Moreover, since this 1999 film was made, weve had the 2011 production starring Gillian Anderson and other versions, as well.  But viewers who fail to see this 3-hour epic from 1999 are really missing the best rendition of what may be Charles Dickens best novel.  The story is timeless and inspiring; the romance, touching and well-portrayed.  TV simply cant be better than this.  Casting is almost perfect with a young Ioan Gruffudd playing the grown up Pip and Gabriel Thomson the young Pip.  They look so much alike youd swear they're related in real life.  Beyond this, Charlotte Rampling seems an ideal choice for the quirky Miss Havisham, as does Justine Waddell playing the wounded Estella.  Other cast members, like those playing Magwich, Jaggers, Herbert Pocket, Joe, Wemmick, Molly, et al are equally well-chosen.  The ending of this story is not really a happy one.  Abel Magwich meets a grisly end, Miss Havisham is burned alive, and the romance between Pip and Estella seems to be in limbo.  One has to be reminded that Charles Dickens wrote the story and did two versions of the ending.  This is the happier of the two.  I don't know what other reviewers are talking about when they find fault with how dark and grim this production seems.  Im sure its exactly what Dickens would have wanted and exactly right for 1999.  No, I wouldnt object if the video were re-mastered into true HD-widescreen but I felt Id waited long enough to see this flim again.  No sign of a re-generation was found from BBC so I purchased it at a decent price on the secondary market.  If and when a re-mastered version of this classic appears I will want to buy it.  Summing up, those who haven't seen this version of Great Expectations shouldnt wait any longer.  Go and buy a copy from one of the Amazon re-sellers like I did.  This is the best version you will find and its production values are fine for now.  When a re-mastered version is released, Ill buy it.", 'There is a definitive modern flavor to this classic by Dickens, yet the handling of the story is very dignified and seems to translate to film almost perfect. Mobile Masterpiece Theatre\'s telling of Great Expectations accounts for many of the most important parts of the story, and those who have never read the book (or, those who chose not to read it in high school), will have an easy time understanding the story of Pip\'s rise and fall in both love and status. Certainly this is not some cheesy modern remake that tries to be hip and cool; instead it modernizes the tale in a way that is very "Dickenseque."  One of the greatest strengths of the film is characterization. Some may see Estella and Miss Havisham as being a little more "sensitive and kind" in this version compared to the novel, but overall they fit their roles well. Ioan Gruffudd does a superb job of Pip as an adult, who learns of his great expectations and tries to use these to gain a better status in life .Abel Magwitch, who is the convict who helps Pip earn a better life, is also played very similar to the character in the novel. I also felt that Joe was depicted essentially as the character in the book, and he really brings to life his love for Pip despite the fact that Pip at times resents him. Some of the other minor characters are also fun to watch: Mr. Jaggers, Mr. Wemmick, Mr. Pumblechook, Herbert Pocket, Biddy. The great thing about Dickens\' characters is that they are unique and, at times, eccentric and, as a viewer, you can readily identify those characteristics as they come up in the film.  Another aspect of the film that was refreshing was just the scenery. The scene at the beginning with Pip encountering the convict in the cemetery, the grassland scene at the beginning and the end of the movie, and the dreariness of London (as Pip first arrives) all seem to be very illustrative of the attitude of the film.  One disappointing aspect of the film was that, at times, it was too obvious and blatant. It\'s almost as if the director decided that people were "too lazy" to understand certain parts, so they just thought they\'d have a character "fill in" exactly what happened  rather than trying to let you decide on your own or show the scene the way it was intended. One example of this is the conflicts between Pip and Orlick.  Approximately 3 hours in length, this film still manages to cut quite a bit from the book and seem relatively short in length. I highly recommend this version, and it is much better than the Ethan Hawke/ Gwyneth Paltrow version of Great Expectations, which is very loose in its translation.  If you are looking for a modernized version of a great classic by Dickens, this is it. This film also works well for any teachers who want to do a comparison between the film and the book.  4  stars', "This is a Master Theatre Version made in 1999, of Dickens' oft-filmed book which comes with stunningly beautiful photography and most strange decision about adapting the original book.  As if to resist the Americanized version starring Ethan Hawke made the year before, this film version, as far as I know, is the least romantic one ever made.  Whether or not you like the film solely depends on this aspect, so let me tell you about it first. The story is comparatively faithfiul, spending about 3 hours to cover the story of Pip, an apprentice of blacksmith who unwisely perhaps, falls in love with cold-hearted Estella.  But the film, as I said, gives more stress on darker side of the book, so the love theme is not explored as deep as other versions such as David Lean's or Alfonso Cuaron's.  Rather, the newer version seems to give more emphasis on the Pip's guilty feelings deep rooted in his contact with the runaway convict Magwitch, and the film's way of shooting the famous opening of the book, which relates their encounter on the graveyard in the marshes, gives us no time for savoring Dickensian humor.  The film uses the technique of flash-back, in order to express Pip's fear, which, I am afraid, is overdone for its own sake. I do not follow every details of the story (you probably have read the book), but I have to say this; like I said, this film is endowed with least amount of humor and romance.  Sure, you see Wemmick's most casual wedding; you see Biddy, Joe, Herbert (not all Pockets however), but you cannot expect to find any humorous scnes, one of Dickens' trademarks.  So, when Pip recounts how he met Miss Havisham before his sister and Pumblechook, he is literally forced to talk.  As you know, this is one of the humourous scenes of the original -- even though the humor is downplayed -- where we can see Pip makes up his own story, which gets more and more outrageous as he goes on.  But the director here didn't seem to see that way, depicting the whole incident as simply terrifying one for Pip, who must receive as much scolding and harsh words from them, as if in a tortune. Justine Waddle, often cast in costume dramas, is good as grown-up Estella, but before she could show something, the film goes on to follow the story of Pip, who must face bravely several darker moments of life (you know what I mean -- Orlick and Themes River), thus making least use of romance between Pip and her.  Actually, the film shows more of mud (of London and Pip's village) and decay, so the first thing Pip sees in London is the butchered cattles hanging on the hook.  It is true that Dickens' original book tells how Pip, arriveing in London for the first time in his life, wanders around Smithfield, then an open-sir cattle market, but ... do we need to know that? The portrayal of Gruffudd's grown-up Pip is so-so, but the most disappointed thing about the film is Charlotte Rampling's Miss Havisham.  Not that her acting is bad, but her Havisham simply does not convince me, being too weak in her gestures.  She should be more authentic as this witch-like woman often found in fairy tales, who commands people, not just talks.  If she does not follow the flamboyant acting of Anne Bancroft, that is OK.  I just need more enticing mystery in this enigmatic, willful woman, Havisham. Overall not bad if you look for bleak atmosphere in Dickens.  But for those who seeks for humor and romance in him, this is not the one to see.", "BOTTOM LINE: IF you're a fan of big screen toughguy Lee Marvin, director John (DELIVERANCE) Boorman, or legendary Japanese actor Toshiro Mifune, then you may enjoy this. The slipshod script is the real villain of this WWII-flavored take on THE DEFIANT ONES. If nothing else, the gorgeous South Seas location scenery is worth gawking at. Some solid bonus content adds value. The nice hi-def transfer helps make this a marginal recommend. 3 STAR film, 4 STAR Blu-ray  THOUGHTS: With a couple of top-notch stars like this film has, it should have been a singular masterpiece. Instead, the scattershot screenplay has so many inconsistencies and head-scratching lapses in logic that it makes what otherwise could have been a great motion picture merely an interesting diversion. For instance: these guys spend how many months/years together, and yet neither one bothers to learn at least some of the other fellow's language? Basic communication is essential to increase the odds of survival and/or rescue, not to mention simply making their co-existence more bearable. Instead, they spend the film's entire running time screaming at one another in their native tongue. For cryin' out loud, they never even bother to learn each other's names! Really?!? Sorry, not buying it. Totally unrealistic. There's also a very unfocused transition as they go from enemies who first try and kill each other, then just try to annoy each other, then capture one another and torture the other guy... to just suddenly being too exhausted to fight, so they become tolerant acquaintances. Huh??? The downbeat ending is a nice try at poignant irony, but also falls flat in its execution. (The alternate ending, equally as depressing, isn't much better.) Again, I blame ALL of this film's problems on its script, which should've had another two or three passes, at the minimum, in order to eliminate the annoying incongruities and make the narrative flow better. Both actors are excellent, the direction is steady & solid, the cinematography is outstanding and the minimalist musical score is good. However, none of that can overcome a bad script and HELL IN THE PACIFIC has a muddling, mediocre script - at best.  THE BLU-RAY: Now the good news for fans of this film. The hi-def release of HELL IN THE PACIFIC sports a really nice transfer. The picture is crisp & clean, with solid blacks, strong mid-tones, and not much in the way of artifacting, pixelation or crush (video noise). The original film grain is also wonderfully evident, (no DNR tampering/overscrubbing!). The audio portion is clear and the soundmix is level. There are a half dozen or so bonus features, including interviews with the director and the art director, and a full-length audio commentary track, which help make this Blu-ray a solid bargain. If you love this film, this Blu-ray is a must-own. Casual viewers will still find much to admire, and lots of beautiful scenery to hold their attention. A nice hi-def effort from the crew at Kino Lorber.", 'A terrific third feature from director John Boorman ("Point Blank","Excalibur", "The Emerald Forest", "Deliverance", "Zardoz", "Hope and Glory" and the excoriated "Exorcist II: Heretic" which crashed and burned so badly that it damage his career for a time ) uses a premise that has been mined for other movies (most notably "Enemy Mine"). Two enemies (Lee Marvin and Toshiro Mifune ) on opposite sides of the war end up stranded on a deserted island together. At first they fight for resources before realizing that they need each other to escape back to civilization.  Boorman does a terrific job setting up his compositions (with legendary cinematographer Conrad Hall), working with the actors. Both Mifune and Marvin were old enough to serve during World War II so, no doubt, brought some of the memories of the racist view that the Americans and Japanese had of each other during that time. I have to say that I prefer the alternate ending to the one that played in theaters as it doesn\'t pay off on the journey these two enemies make to becoming friends as they work towards a common goal.  The Blu-ray release from Kino does a good job of presenting the film. The film looks a bit soft in its presentation but I don\'t doubt this is what the film probably looked like originally during its theatrical run and the intent of Hall. It\'s always hard to judge because memory can be unreliable. The depth is a bit problematic at times while detail and colors are pretty good.  The audio is presented in 2.0 channel and sounds solid enough.  Lalo Schifrin\'s score sounds quite nice. We get subtitles in English only (although the Japanese dialog is subtitled in English as well).  Kino provides some interesting and very good special features. Unfortunately, we don\'t get a commentary track from Boorman but there is a 30 minute interview with him discussing the film. The commentary by Film Historians Travis Crawford and Bill Ackerman is quite good covering the history of the production and various tidbits. The alternate ending is seamlessly branched so you can choose that ending (which I feel is superior but you may have a different opinion if you saw this when it was originally theatrically released). Art director Anthony Pratt  weighs in the production design for the minimalist film in a 11 minute featurette. Kinko also provides five trailers (but curiously not one for "Hell In the Pacific").  "Hell In The Pacific" is an exceptional film. It\'s a pity that we don\'t get any sort of surround mix for the sound (it could be that the 2.0 mix is the only remaining version of the soundtrack). I would give this 4 1/2 stars for the alternate ending version and 4 stars for the original theatrical version.', "I greatly enjoyed 'Hell in the Pacific' and it was more than I expected. I watched this movie the other night and got a lot out of it.  It's a very involving story set during WWII about an American pilot (the great Lee Marvin) and his Japanese counterpart (the equally great Toshiro Mifune) at odds with each other after they are both unknowingly stranded on the same small, uninhabited island in the vast South Pacific Ocean. They fight and quarrel for a good first half of the movie, but ------ realizing that they are both going to have to rely on the other to get out of their situation or to even survive ------ they gradually form an uneasy alliance.  I thoroughly appreciated John Boorman's obvious commitment to realism on this movie. As the film opens up, it just jumps into the story right away, beginning immediately with the image of Toshiro Mifune sitting alone near the beach and Lee Marvin in the jungle, likely just recently dropped in by parachute. The movie wastes no time with set-up or any explanation as to how they both got there. We don't know and don't need to. The editing is done at a smooth, flowing, non-hurried pace which gives the movie a definite real-time feel to it. The scenery and cinematography of the authentic Palau locations is simply stunning and I'm rather amazed by how good this movie looks for its age. The picture quality and clarity of this film is jaw-dropping for a 40 year-old movie. The performances from the sole two actors in the entire film are passionate, inspired and thoroughly believable. The setting and plot is almost enough to make one forget for a moment that the two are sworn wartime enemies and we almost immediately empathize with both characters.  There are no subtitles. It puts us more inside the two's struggle since neither can understand what the other is saying. Even though those of us who don't speak Japanese can't understand what Toshiro Mifune's character is saying, we know EXACTLY what he is feeling and thinking through actions, body language, and forcefulness of expression. Watch for the scene when Toshiro Mifune's character catches a real, giant clam and proceeds to crack it open to get to the real, soft mollusk inside just for the sake of a meal. After they are finally able to put aside their differences for the sake of their mutual survival, they collaborate to build a rather impressive wooden and bamboo raft to escape the confines of the island.  My only grievance with this movie was its ending. I will not spoil it, but I will say that I did feel it was inconclusive and didn't provide me with adequate closure for the two characters' ultimate fates. Even the alternate ending still left me feeling a bit unfulfilled but I will leave it up to each individual viewer to decide for themself. The ending just didn't quite work for me and was the only element that prevented me from giving this film the full five stars.  Overall though, this is still an excellent and vastly underrated 1968 gem from one of the best directors of all time, John Boorman. A unique cinematic experience in the fact that it features two prolific, unparalled actors each playing anonymous characters who are the only two in the entire movie in such a huge, isolated setting. A fasinating encapsulation of a very human story set against the backdrop of the WWII-era campaign in the Pacific.  17 years later in 1985, this film would be reimagined with a science-fiction twist as 'Enemy Mine'."]
['<div id="video-block-R2D8UZE201G5BT" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1ARQKV7BsS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81ybOpYpyxS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is a magnificent Lego set. It was fun to build and it\'s fun to play with. It\'s well designed and holds together perfectly just like all the Lego sets I\'ve ever owned. I\'m no kid anymore (my age anyway) but I can appreciate the fun to be had with this set. There are many functions to be played with and they all are implemented flawlessly. I\'ve played with Legos since I was a child and now that I\'ve become older I\'ve started collecting them again. I would have loved to have had this when I was a kid. If you are buying it for yourself or for your child I\'m sure it will be well received. As I said it was fun to build and this is one of the things I love the most about Legos. It took me about five hours while I watched TV in the background. You get four mini figs and three vehicles. Two of the vehicles combine into one and is the biggest draw of this set. Just check out my video for more. Also out of all of the other Galaxy Squad sets that I own that came with an extra enemy bug vehicle this one is my favorite. I like everything this set has to offer. So in short I recommend this set.', 'In the Nineties it was fashionable for Hollywood to adapt popular television series for the big screen the best being "The Fugitive" and the very worst, in my mind, "Lost In Space".  There were high hopes riding on "The Avengers" in the Summer of 1998 with a dream cast of Ralph Fiennes, Uma Thurman, and the iconic Sean Connery.  Things didn\'t bode well for the film when the film\'s release date kept getting pushed back.  Things looked even worse when the film wasn\'t even previewed for the critics and naturally the daggers were drawn when it was seen and the public followed suit.  I saw it in the theatre and was disappointed because it didn\'t meet my expectations.  But what were my expectations?  Is this a bad film because it isn\'t the film I thought it should be?  I don\'t know why I revisited "The Avengers" but I\'m glad I did.  Common criticisms of the film at the time are these.  Fiennes as John Steed and Thurman as Emma Peel had no chemistry.  Connery as Sir August De Wynter was lackluster as the villain.  London, a bustling city, is oddly bereft of people.  Eddie Izzard as one of Connery\'s henchmen has no dialogue which is strange for a man who makes his living as a stand-up comic.  For the first two criticisms I\'ll say the critics are dead wrong.  For the second two I\'ll say that the makers of the film were making an ironic stab at comedy that may have gone over some people\'s heads.  Viewing this film unbiased by the criticisms at the time of it\'s release I\'ll say it\'s chief virtues are not only Fiennes, Thurman, and Connery but also terrific supporting work by Jim Broadbent, Fiona Shaw, and Eileen Atkins. Patrick MacNee also has a decent cameo.  The film has decent production values and special effects but they\'re secondary to some cheeky dialogue notably between Fiennes and Thurman.  It\'s rare that I do a 180 on a film but that\'s the case here.  This film may have its detractors but if you go into it with an open mind you may find delight in "The Avengers".', "I watched all The Avengers way back when, and own all of them now. As John Steed and Emma Peel, Patrick McNee and Diana Rigg are and probably always be irreplaceable and unsurpassable.  Should you watch/get this movie? Depends. Can you accept that Ralph Fiennes and Uma Thurman, as Steed and Peel, are not McNee and Riggs, and are not trying to imitate the TV actors? That, as with King Lear, different actors can bring different qualities, different interpretations, to a role? If you can, yes, get this movie. Fiennes is diffident, where McNee was suave. Thurman is titillating, where Rigg was provocative. Some of the movie is silly; so was some of the TV show. (And remember, The Avengers was picked up by US TV not because it was good, but because it was the 60s, it had spies - and it was cheaper than making a show in the States.)  This will never be the definitive The Avengers. But if you have an open mind, give it a look. Better (IMHO) than another couple of hours with another 'reality' show. Then, if you haven't, watch McNee and Rigg too. And if you have, watch them again, after some well-spent time with Fiennes and Thurman.", 'Prior to 1967, "The Avengers" was yielded in black-and-white. Going to color was a definite improvement; however in 1968 there were three additional significant changes:  1. Mrs. Peel (Diana Rigg) was traded out for Steed\'s new partner, Tara King (Linda Thorson).  2. The producers asserted that the 1968 episodes were more [paraphrasing] "believable" -- in fact, just the opposite is true. The \'68 episodes are more bizarre than ever, but still very good.  3. There is more involvement by Steed\'s boss, "Mother" (a wheelchair-bound chubby guy who shows up in very strange places to discuss Steed\'s progress on respective cases).  This DVD package, (2 DVDs, individually cased and further packaged in an attractive cardboard box, this "Set No. 4" color-coded RED), is the fourth of FIVE sets for the 1968 episodes. The marketing of "The Avengers" can be quite confusing so I wanted to get that information out up front. This is also the BEST way to buy the DVDs (by the "set" rather than by the "volume") for any season, from 1963 through 1968.  Patrick Macnee shrewdly plays John Steed, England\'s gentleman undercover agent. Linda Thorson is one of several of a line of Steed\'s voluptuous sidekicks. In the U.S., most of us didn\'t even know about Honor Blackman and Macnee\'s other (earlier) partners until years later when these episodes finally emerged on VHS tape. Diana Rigg can probably claim about 60% of the credit for the vast number of U.S. audience members who were glued to their TVs when "The Avengers" finally hit here. The other 40% (not forgetting Macnee\'s fine performances) had to do with the presentation of this excellent series.  Starting in 1965, with Rigg, the filmscore was notably updated and played more prominently throughout the story, enhancing the action and suspense. Also, the action itself was boosted. There was never a dull moment with Steed and Mrs. Peel. And these episodes were all FUN -- one embraced a sense that Macnee and Rigg were having a great time in making these films. Now that I\'ve seen episodes from "The Avengers\'" earlier years, (\'63 and \'64), I can see that they dragged quite a bit during that earlier era and were much more soap opera-ish. The fun continued throughout the final year, 1968, even though Linda Thorson was simply never quite as dynamic or as sexy as Diana Rigg. The \'68 filmscore and title scenes at the beginning and the conclusion of each episode were spiffed up a bit too.  Each of these 52-minute episodes is futuristic (at least for the period) and on the cutting edge of excellent television productions. I know of no series, "The Original Star Trek Series" excepted, which has remained as timeless as "The Avengers". You\'ll encounter, in the 1968 episodes, every nemesis ranging from Eastern spies posing as murderous British Army officers to equally murderous hotel desk clerks.  In the 1968 Set No. 4 (which includes Vols. 7 and 8), we\'re talking about seven very enjoyable, action-packed, color episodes:  Volume 7:  "Wish You Were Here" - In a parody of "The Prisoner" Tara attempts to free her uncle from a hotel which has a firm "no check-out early" policy. This is a superb episode.  "Stay Tuned" - Investigating Steed\'s amnesia (a returning theme from previous years), Steed and Tara uncover a plot to kill their boss, "Mother".  "Take Me To Your Leader" - A briefcase stuffed with money and a bomb seems to have a mind of its own - and it\'s giving strange orders.  Volume 8:  "Fog" - When foreign committee members arrive in London for a meeting, they find themselves stalked by the "Gaslight Ghoul," a Victorian killer with a modern motive.  "Homicide and Old Lace" - On his birthday, Mother tells tales of an older adventure. The flashback scenes were originally filmed for the never-aired episode, "The Great Britain Crime".  "Love All" - The missile department is leaking secrets but Steed and Tara sniff out the source of the indiscretion. A terrific episode.  "Get-A-Way" - A prison is having trouble holding enemy agents. The first two escapees knock off Steed\'s pals... is he the next on the list?  The storylines of the various "The Avengers" episodes seem absurd to varying degrees as we view them today - but 1968 continued to escalate the absurdity beyond the previous years\' entries. This did not diminish my enthusiasm for the "The Avengers" because the overall series always manifested a "Batman" (TV series) tongue-and-cheekness about it. I mention this only to prepare viewers for this actuality.  The casting in all episodes is spot-on, punctuated with the very best sets and scenic locations. And Linda Thorson\'s astounding beauty (tenoned with her great figure!) really accentuates the `60s look in her mod attire.  I\'ll be reviewing all of the 1968 sets, (as I mentioned earlier, there are five in all, with 2 "volumes" per set), so be on the watch for my comments regarding the other sets at their appropriate sites on Amazon. In the meantime, while not exactly as marvelous as the 1967 episodes, this particular set still garners my highest recommendation!', "Each of Steed's ladies made their own mark.  Honor Blackman's Kathy Gale, set the pace.  Sleek sassy women, who were as smart as they were sexy.  They held their own in a man's world and didn't need someone to take care of them.  Blackman and Rigg were two very positive role models in a time when most women were victims, wives or secretaries on telly at the time.  Blackman made less of an impact in US, because they were generally shown as a Summer Replacement, to keep people from seeing reruns.  Since they were run on ABC, tried to be recognized as a big-boy network the old Black and White Gales were not widely scene.  Rigg came along and made Emma Peel a character that will go down in the hall of fame.  She is as popular today, if not more so.  So when she left--to do as Blackman did -- go on to be a Bond girl, Steed had to have another partner.  Enter Tara King.  She gorgeous full figure Canadian with eyes to do for.  They tried to play on her more feminine side (and with horrid fashions).  Seriously, the clothes designers for Tara needs shooting.  For the most part, they couldn't design more dumpy look clothes.  They stuffed her in a series of wigs - some very bad - so point one, she was fighting an uphill battle.  Also, the scripts were not as sharp.  Even so Tara is charming and a pleasure to watch.  Episodes include:  Wish You Were Here  Stay Tuned  Take Me to Your Leader  Fog  Homocide and Old Lace  Love All  Get-A-Way", 'I have pretty high standards when it comes to movies...AND TV shows, and I can\'t, for the life of me, see what is so gawrsh-awful about this movie. Granted, the superfeminine Diana Rigg isn\'t playing Mrs. Peel...and yes, dapper, veddy British Patrick McNee isn\'t parlaying Steed, but they did pretty well with what they had, and had a plotline that you were actually able to FOLLOW, to boot! This is something I remember the TV show NOT having...most of the stories were just platforms for Emma to be stylish in, with no clues, no O. Henry, no real DISCERNIBLE plot thread to speak of...just the barest of storylines....  The story involves Steed first MEETING Emma, (again!) and Emma being a major renaissance woman...doctor, meteorologist, psychologist, etc....the woman holds more degrees than a Kelvin thermometer!! The film opens up with Steed being tested for reflexes and skills as he strolls through a mockup of a British village. Pram-pushing nannies throw knives, pub drinkers try to run him over, bobbies attack him unbidden...he comes through with flying colors. Switch to Emma Peel\'s fabulous flat in London...she gets the call from the elite arm of the BSS that Steed works for after it\'s discovered that she, or a double of her, has sabotaged her own project.  What follows are chase scenes from hell; some VERY mannered acting; Sean Connery chewing the scenery as a megalomaniac meteorologist and businessman who wants to, what else, RULE THE WORLD...by controlling the weather. Steed and Emma go after him when it\'s discovered, unequivocally, that it IS a double of Emma sabotaging her project...and in fact, attempting to kill the original Mrs. Peel!  The cinematography and art direction for this film is EXCELLENT. The music, however, except for the lifts from the series, seems somewhat inappropriate and overly ponderous. There are some hair-raising chase scenes in the film, one with a fleet of mechanical, anti-personnel hornets, and Connery\'s acting is perfect for his role. The style of the series is recaptured nicely, especially with the villians\' confab scene in teddy bear mufti in the middle of the film, and Emma wandering through what looks like M.C. Escher\'s summer home.  All in all, the phlegmatic bearing of Fiennes and Thurman in the face of it all remind you an AWFUL lot of the original Steed and Emma, and the climax between Steed, Emma, Connery, Eddie Izzard, Fiona Shaw, as the very teutonic-looking "Father", (supposedly one of the GOOD guys,) and Connery\'s henchmen is fairly entertaining.  While it may never win a spot on AFI\'s top 100, it IS diverting. My one complaint is...why did they have to pick UMA THURMAN...Ms. Box Office Poison herself, to play Emma? Was Nicole Kidman busy? Emma Thompson? Miranda Richardson? WHY A YANK??!! And ESPECIALLY her?? Didn\'t "Batman & Robin" tell them ANYTHING??!!', 'After recently seeing a Bob Newhart performance at the Wilbur Theater in Boston, in which Bob received two separate standing ovations, I decided to finally buy the complete series box set of "The Bob Newhart Show."  Therefore, I have no problems with the earlier releases of the first four seasons of the show.  In addition, although the video quality isn\'t of high-definition quality, the episodes are eminently watchable.  All problematic issues were soon forgotten after I started watching the show.  Bob Newhart was one of the first successful stand-up comedians to star in a TV sitcom.  That started a trend that continued with Tim Allen, Ray Romano, Jerry Seinfeld, and many others.  In addition, the show was not cancelled by CBS because of poor ratings.  After six successful seasons, Bob decided that is was time to end the series.  The writing on the show perfectly suited Bob\'s personality and comedic style.  The casting choices were uniformly excellent, especially with Suzanne Pleshette as Bob\'s wife Emily.  Special mention must be made of Jack Riley as Bob\'s patient Elliot Carlin, who appeared in 56 of the 142 episodes.  To say that he is an unforgettable character is an understatement.  The box set also includes an informative booklet, which gives a brief synopsis of each episode, along with its original airdate.  What really makes this box set special are the bonus features.  Audio commentary is provided on several episodes.  The bonus disc includes the original, unaired pilot.  In it, Peter Bonerz plays Dr. Jerry Robinson as another psychologist, instead of an orthodontist.  Marcia Wallace does not appear as secretary Carol Kester, nor does Bill Daily appear as nutty navigator and neighbor Howard Borden.  The 19th Anniversary special is also included.  It takes place on the day after Bob had a dream about being a Vermont innkeeper named Dick Loudon.  The most surreal moment of the special is when they show a clip of Bill Daily as Major Roger Healey on the "I Dream Of Jeannie" TV series.  The bonus disc also includes "Group Therapy," which was recorded in Los Angeles in December of 2013.  It\'s a nostalgic discussion of the show with Bob Newhart, Peter Bonerz, Bill Daily, Jack Riley, and director Michael Zinberg.  Sadly, Suzanne Pleshette and Marcia Wallace had both passed away, and are sorely missed in the discussion group.  Bob and Bill do show their age, while Peter has held up well.  Sadly, Jack Riley had a stroke, and is confined to a motorized wheelchair.  This look back to when they were all in their prime is bittersweet, as time has taken its toll on all of the participants.  Fortunately, the TV show\'s comedy is timeless, and has held up very well over the years.', 'I\'ve read the various comments to the effect that the complete series is a good value at $80, and that SHOUT FACTORY should not be held accountable for  the actions of FOX.  1. SHOUT FACTORY was more than well aware of the history of the series release. Why did they choose to release the entire series rather than seasons 5 and 6? Would they have us believe they felt the majority of individuals inclined to purchase the Bob Newhart sat out the first 4 seasons in the hope that SHOUT FACTORY would come along and release the entire series at a great price? They new quite well that fans already owned the first 4 seasons, and bet that they would pay a hefty price to get the remaining two. Their offer to release seasons 5 and 6 now, after numerous complaints, is a bit lame.  2.$80 is a great price for the series if you don\'t already own the individual seasons, but where is this market? Most fans who are inclined to by DVD\'S of the series at all, have already bought one or more seasons. Individuals who are not familiar with the show and would like to "try it out", may buy one or two seasons to see if they like it. I doubt they would spring for the entire series.  3. Fans are being unfairly faulted for "jumping the gun" , and purchasing the first 4 seasons as they were offered. We believed that the studio would act in good faith , and , in time, release all 6 seasons. They didn\'t. Had we not purchased the seasons when they were initially offered, further releases would have been concelled in any event.', 'Despite what other reviewers are guessing to be true, the video quality of the episodes in seasons 1-4 in this complete series set is NOT an upgrade from the original DVD season releases. I have done an extensive side-by-side comparison and the transfer is unquestionably inferior with the new set. Colors are washed out, detail and definition are reduced. It\'s a very stark contrast. The video bitrates are markedly higher for the old discs vs. the new. I\'m noticing bitrates that are as much as 30% higher in the head-to-head comparison.  Perhaps most importantly, there is for some reason a significant variation in quality from episode to episode in the new set. The last one or two episodes on each disc are consistently and inexplicably much lower in quality than the other episodes on the disc. This is not the case with the older set. Take Season 1, Disc 3 for example: it contains eight episodes, and the first six average around 1.03 GB in raw size. But the last two episodes ("Bum Voyage" and "Who\'s Been Sleeping on My Couch?") come in around 780-800 MB. If that 30% difference doesn\'t sound bad to you, trust me when I say it is very noticeable, particularly with a 40-year old series shot on film. The older discs have no such variations in quality; the same episodes in that set consistently come in around 1.09 Gb each. Size isn\'t always a true indicator of video quality but in this case it holds true. Many episodes in the new set  just look plain bad, like they have been through an additional transfer generation or two.  However, the "Complete Series" set is the only way to get your hands on the final two seasons, so if you own the older discs, my recommendation would be to make your own set with seasons 1-4 from the season discs and 5-6 from the new set. I can\'t comment on the bonus features as I haven\'t viewed them yet. But the episode commentaries are all still here and there doesn\'t seem to be anything new in that department.  Another difference that may matter to you: the new set does not include subtitles, whereas the old discs have both English and Spanish subtitles. It seems Shout! Factory left them out as part of their misguided effort to cram as many episodes on each disc as possible. I\'m no fan of the double-sided disc format Fox used for the season releases, and it\'s a pain to switch the discs more often with fewer episodes per disc, but I\'ll take them over the new set any day.', 'I see A LOT of reviewers condemning Shout Factory, for releasing this set. They seem to believe that this new offering, is an attempt by Shout Factory to "double dip", and make extra money from those who already purchased seasons 1-4.  This is NOT the case.  The company that released seasons 1-4, abandoned the prospect of putting out the final two seasons.  Shout Factory is simply giving fans of the show, exactly what they\'ve been waiting for. They should be receiving PRAISE for this...not condemnation, and a slew of 1 star reviews.  My set arrived today. I\'ve watched 4 episodes, so far, and the video quality of seasons 1-4 is at least identical to the transfers of the original set. However, with the Shout! release you get an upgrade from those awful two-sided discs. In my opinion, the single-sided Shout! discs are worth making the purchase.  Also, these are the complete episodes...they are NOT the shortened syndicated versions.  I say, chuck out those sets (seasons 1-4), and buy this COMPLETE SERIES box set. It\'s easily worth the price, and the image quality is so much sharper.  It\'s a no brainer. This new set is better.', 'Com\'on people, lighten up.  We\'ve been waiting 8 years for this.  This is a different distributor, so we should understand they were probably not going to "pick right up where Fox left off".  It\'s not like this is going to be a huge seller.  As much as we love the series, we are WAY in the minority here.  At best, the individual seasons would sell for $15 to $20.  So instead of paying $40 for the final two, for another $40 you get the whole series, in a matched set.  Life is too short, I\'m not going to let something this insignificant keep me from viewing clean, unedited versions of my favorite series of all time.  My current set I recorded off of Nick probably 15 years ago, transferred to MPEG files about 12-13 years ago, cut and edited them with some cheesy video editor from the early 2000\'s, and got them down to around 750 MB so that each would fit on a CD.  My backups have also clogged up my hard drives over the years.  $79 to get rid of all this headache and have the complete series? Bargain!!!!  Thanks for the wonderful series Mr. Newhart, just a timeless classic that we love so much.  The Doctor is IN!!!  ADDED 5/27:  Got the set in today, worth the money.  I haven\'t compared the quality to the 4 Season set from Fox, but I did compare a couple of episodes to my mpeg versions I recorded 15 or so years ago.  The episodes are un-cut, which is great, but one other thing I noticed right off the bat is the episodes are the correct speed.  Syndication cuts episodes, but they also tend to speed them up to get more of the episode into the allotted 30 minute air time.  I was really surprised how much quicker the pace was on the old recordings, with all of the actor\'s voices a little higher as a result.  The new set is much more naturally-paced, more relaxed.  The video of the new set is not perfect, but it is very, very good.  I give it about 8.5 on a 1-10 scale.  It doesn\'t have that super clean, prisitine look of a big name series that has been fully restored from top-notch source elements.  But it is certainly cleaner than any Newhart episodes I have seen before, including the Fox videos.  The video is excellent for the most part and is consistent from episode to episode.  The audio is great, much cleaner than my recorded set which had a lot of hissing.  It is perfect for a 70\'s sitcom, I give the audio a 9.5 out of 10.  In any case, the purchase was well worth the $79.  Season 5 is one of my favorites, so I\'m going to really enjoy the new set, and not worry about the $40 extra.  All in all..... "Fine and Dandy"!!', 'Prior to 1967, "The Avengers" was yielded in black-and-white. Going to color was a definite improvement; however in 1968 there were three additional significant changes:  1. Mrs. Peel (Diana Rigg) was traded out for Steed\'s new partner, Tara King (Linda Thorson).  2. The producers asserted that the 1968 episodes were more [paraphrasing] "believable" -- in fact, just the opposite is true. The \'68 episodes are more bizarre than ever, but still very good.  3. There is more involvement by Steed\'s boss, "Mother" (a wheelchair-bound chubby guy who shows up in very strange places to discuss Steed\'s progress on respective cases).  This DVD package, (2 DVDs, individually cased and further packaged in an attractive cardboard box, this "Set No. 2" color-coded ORANGE), is the second of FIVE sets for the 1968 episodes. The marketing of "The Avengers" can be quite confusing so I wanted to get that information out up front. This is also the BEST way to buy the DVDs (by the "set" rather than by the "volume") for any season, from 1963 through 1968.  Patrick Macnee shrewdly plays John Steed, England\'s gentleman undercover agent. Linda Thorson is one of several of a line of Steed\'s voluptuous sidekicks. In the U.S., most of us didn\'t even know about Honor Blackman and Macnee\'s other (earlier) partners until years later when these episodes finally emerged on VHS tape. Diana Rigg can probably claim about 60% of the credit for the vast number of U.S. audience members who were glued to their TVs when "The Avengers" finally hit here. The other 40% (not forgetting Macnee\'s fine performances) had to do with the presentation of this excellent series.  Starting in 1965, with Rigg, the filmscore was notably updated and played more prominently throughout the story, enhancing the action and suspense. Also, the action itself was boosted. There was never a dull moment with Steed and Mrs. Peel. And these episodes were all FUN -- one embraced a sense that Macnee and Rigg were having a great time in making these films. Now that I\'ve seen episodes from "The Avengers\'" earlier years, (\'63 and \'64), I can see that they dragged quite a bit during that earlier era and were much more soap opera-ish. The fun continued throughout the final year, 1968, even though Linda Thorson was simply never quite as dynamic or as sexy as Diana Rigg. The \'68 filmscore and title scenes at the beginning and the conclusion of each episode were spiffed up a bit too.  Each of these 52-minute episodes is futuristic (at least for the period) and on the cutting edge of excellent television productions. I know of no series, "The Original Star Trek Series" excepted, which has remained as timeless as "The Avengers". You\'ll encounter, in the 1968 episodes, every nemesis ranging from Eastern spies posing as murderous British Army officers to equally murderous hotel desk clerks.  In the 1968 Set No. 2 (which includes Vols. 3 and 4), we\'re talking about six very enjoyable, action-packed, color episodes:  Volume 3:  "All Done With Mirrors" - Steed is under house arrest (a theme we\'ve seen before!) while Tara plugs the leaks at a classified facility that hasn\'t been keeping its secrets.  "Legacy of Death" - The inheritance of a dagger turns into a truly double-edged gift and bodies pile up in Steed\'s drawing room.  "Noon Doomsday" - Steed is trapped in a convalescent home by an old adversary who has a flair for drama and a thirst for vengeance.  Volume 4:  "Look (Stop Me If You\'ve Heard this One)... But There Were These Two Fellers" - John Cleese guest stars as Steed and Tara face down a band of killer clowns determined to save their rest home from destruction.  "Have Guns... Will Haggle" - Tara\'s on the hot seat when Black Market rifle brokers choose her for a product demonstration!  "They Keep Killing Steed" - A plot to infiltrate and subvert a peace conference hinges on the creation of an exact double of Steed (yet another familiar theme!)  The storylines of the various "The Avengers" episodes seem absurd to varying degrees as we view them today - but 1968 continued to escalate the absurdity beyond the previous years\' entries. This did not diminish my enthusiasm for the "The Avengers" because the overall series always manifested a "Batman" (TV series) tongue-and-cheekness about it. I mention this only to prepare viewers for this actuality.  The casting in all episodes is spot-on, punctuated with the very best sets and scenic locations. And Linda Thorson\'s astounding beauty (tenoned with her great figure!) really accentuates the `60s look in her mod attire.  I\'ll be reviewing all of the 1968 sets, (as I mentioned earlier, there are five in all, with 2 "volumes" per set), so be on the watch for my comments regarding the other sets at their appropriate sites on Amazon. In the meantime, while not exactly as marvelous as the 1967 episodes, this particular set still garners my highest recommendation!', 'Prior to 1967, "The Avengers" was yielded in black-and-white. Going to color was a definite improvement!  This DVD package (2 DVDs, individually cased and further packaged in a box, this "Set No 2" color-coded ORANGE) is ONE of FOUR sets for the 1967 episodes. The marketing of "The Avengers" can be quite confusing so I wanted to get that information out up front. This is also the BEST way to buy the DVDs (by the "set") for any season, from 1963 through 1968.  1967 was Diana Rigg\'s last full season as Steed\'s partner. Her career really launched in 1965 from this fine series in her role as Mrs. Emma Peel, the sexy and lively partner to the refined secret agent Englishman, John Steed, who was shrewdly played by Patrick Macnee. In fact, in the U.S., most of us didn\'t even know about Honor Blackman and Macnee\'s other (earlier) partners until many years later.  Diana Rigg can probably claim about 60% of the credit for the vast number of U.S. audience members who were glued to their TVs when "The Avengers" finally hit here. The other 40% (not forgetting Macnee\'s fine performances) had to do with the presentation of the series. Starting in 1965, with Rigg, the filmscore was notably updated and played more prominently throughout the story, enhancing the action and suspense. Also, the action itself was boosted. Never a dull moment with Steed and Mrs. Peel. And these episodes were all FUN -- one embraced a sense that Macnee and Rigg were having a great time in making these films. Now that I\'ve seen episodes from "The Avengers\'" earlier years, (\'63 and \'64), I can see that they dragged quite a bit during that earlier era and were much more soap opera-ish.  Each 52-minute episode is futuristic and on the cutting edge of excellent television productions. I know of no series, "The Original Star Trek Series" excepted, which has remained as timeless as "The Avengers". You\'ll encounter, in these episodes, every nemesis ranging from an airborne costume party to a man (actually, an androidish double of a man), who cannot be killed by traditional means.  Here, we\'re talking about six very enjoyable, action-packed, color episodes:  "The Living Dead" -- A group of men are lost in a disastrous mine collapse, including the local squire. Afterward, a local hermit spots "the ghost" of this man, the "dead" Duke of Benedict, (as opposed to his wimpy succeeder), near a spooky cemetery chapel. Steed and Mrs. Peel investigate and they discover an "underground city" where an army of pseudo-evil-German-types is being built up to take over Great Britain! A superior episode.  "The Hidden Tiger" - A butler is ripped to shreds in an English manor house. Nearby is an agricultural research station which falls under the suspicion of Steed and Mrs. Peel. After more maulings (deaths), it becomes clear that a devious Sussex organization, P.U.R.R.R., (!!!) is linked to the killings - all the victims seem to be on the organization\'s board of directors.  "The Correct Way to Kill" - Russian espionage agents are being killed off in England... but not by the English agents. Steed and Mrs. Peel pair off with their Russian counterparts to catch the murderer. This episode is a lot of fun.  "Never, Never Say Die" - A man is accidentally run down by a car and killed... but then he "escapes" off the exam table when the doc isn\'t watching! Steed and Mrs. Peel really get suspicious when he is killed a second time, by the same means, and later shows up causing a LOT of trouble. This macho guy also seems much affected by radio waves which leads The Avengers to discover that the man is an android and that more such android "doubles" of important people are infesting the local community. The bonus of this episode is that it stars the great Christopher Lee!  "Epic" -- Mrs. Peel is kidnapped and taken to Schneer Studios where she is forced to make a movie about her own murder; however, the killers are mostly incompetent. This is a funny one.  "The Superlative Seven" - Steed attends a high-end costume party that is conducted in an aircraft bound for... ??????  It\'s quickly discovered that all the invited guests are athletes of sorts and that they will be utilized to test a new and improved superman. Mrs. Peel flies to the dangerous and isolated island stronghold to attempt Steed\'s rescue. A very fun romp of an episode.  The storylines of the various "The Avengers" episodes seem absurd to varying degrees as we view them today - but 1967 marked an even higher level of absurdity... in fact, it actually went "sci-fi" in some episodes. This did not diminish my love for the "The Avengers" because the overall series always manifested a "Batman" (TV series) tongue-and-cheekness about it. I mention it only to prepare viewers for these changes and actualities.  The casting in all episodes is spot-on, punctuated with the very best sets and scenic locations. And Rigg\'s provocative, \'60s mod body suits much accentuate her sensual magnetism with the notable change from black-and-white to color.  I\'ll be reviewing all of the 1967 "sets," (as I mentioned earlier, there are four in all, with 2 "volumes" per set), over the next few days so be on the watch for my comments regarding the other sets at their appropriate sites on Amazon. In the meantime, this particular set garners my highest recommendation!', "Each of Steed's ladies made their own mark.  Honor Blackman's Kathy Gale, set the pace.  Sleek sassy women, who were as smart as they were sexy.  They held their own in a man's world and didn't need someone to take care of them.  Blackman and Rigg were two very positive role models in a time when most women were victims, wives or secretaries on telly at the time.  Blackman made less of an impact in US, because they were generally shown as a Summer Replacement, to keep people from seeing reruns.  Since they were run on ABC, tried to be recognized as a big-boy network the old Black and White Gales were not widely scene.  Rigg came along and made Emma Peel a character that will go down in the hall of fame.  She is as popular today, if not more so.  So when she left--to do as Blackman did -- go on to be a Bond girl, Steed had to have another partner.  Enter Tara King.  She gorgeous full figure Canadian with eyes to do for.  They tried to play on her more feminine side (and with horrid fashions).  Seriously, the clothes designers for Tara needs shooting.  For the most part, they couldn't design more dumpy look clothes.  They stuffed her in a series of wigs - some very bad - so point one, she was fighting an uphill battle.  Also, the scripts were not as sharp.  Even so Tara is charming and a pleasure to watch.  Episodes include:  All Done with Mirrors  Legacy of Death  Noon Doomsday  Look (stop me if you've heard this one)... but There Were These Two Fellers  Have Guns... Will Haggle  They Keep Killing Steed (with a very blond Ian Ogilvy doing a guest spot)", 'Second set of 1967 - again are the Avengers at their best.  1) "The Living Dead" - "Steed finds a mine of information - and Emma goes underground".  Steed and Emma find rumour of ghosts abound around an ancient chapel, leading the pair to underground plot to take over Britain  2)  "The Hidden Tiger" - "Steed hunts a big cat - and Emma gets badly scratched".  In this episode, Steed and Emma are looking to people being killed and all signs show they are being killed by a tiger stalking the British country side.  Look for Gabrielle Drake in this episode (the head purple wigged Moon base gal from UFO!).  3) "The Correct Way to Kill"  "Steed changes partners - and Emma joins the Enemy" has more than one Steed dashing about, as John and Emma try to end a ring selling British top secrets.  4) "Never, Never Say Die"  "Steed meets a dead man - Emma fights the corpse"  A man determined to steal the patent on eternal life has Emma and Steed running in circles and seeing the dead.  5) "EPIC" - "Steed catches a falling star - and Emma makes a movie" has Emma unwittingly starring in a movie called "The Destruction of Emma Peel".  A premise John feels is not up to "snuff".  6) "The Superlative Seven" - "Steed flies to nowhere and Emma does her party piece" A really fun episode has the great Donald Sutherland as a mysterious host, ala Ten Little Indian.  All the guests are the best at what they do, invited by someone unknown to them.  Lured aboard a plane and set down on a tiny island, they must fight to save their lives.  Emma is determined to find Steed before it\'s too late.  Also, look for a young Charlotte Rampling in this send up of the Magnificent Seven.  All great episodes of the series at it\'s peak.', 'I love Charlotte Bronte\'s novel, Jane Eyre, and I\'ve read it several times.  Also an avid movie fan, I have seen almost every production of Jane Eyre.  I have to admit, being a classic movie lover, I still place the Orson Wells/Joan Fontaine version first among them all, and not because it was absolutely true to the novel, but because it was the most successful of all versions in creating the gothic mood of the Bronte novel in the grand Hollywood manner.  Of course, it also had Orson Wells, whose masterful portrayal of Rochester gave the character such depth and mystery as to forever seal the part in his name.  However, this version starring Ciaran Hinds and Samantha Morton is my second favorite for several reasons.  First, the casting was perfect.  Ciaran Hinds does a wonderful job portraying Edward Rochester, a complex, authoritative and tortured man who is hiding a horrible secret.  He is supposed to be almost 20 years older than Jane and not overly handsome--although not as moody and dark as Orson wells, he gives the character more humor and fits the bill admirably.  Samantha Morton is simply fantastic as Jane Eyre.  She is my favorite of all the female leads to date.  She is not as pretty as Joan Fontaine or Mia Wasikowska, but she is attractive enough to be pleasant to watch.  (Jane is supposed to be "plain.")  Her Jane has much more personality compared to other actresses who have played the part.  She gives us a strong, confident Jane while showing us enough warmth to make her sympathetic to the viewer.  She is Jane Eyre in my eyes.  The two leads have one thing that many other versions do not--fantastic chemistry!!!  Together, they sizzle on the screen, which is something you would not expect from these two as a couple.  The production is fantastic, as is the photography and script adaptation.  I have only two beefs with this production--first, the actress playing Adele was too old and rather irritating.  Second, I absolutely hate the singing voice they dubbed in for Edward/Ciaran--that high, operatic tenor just didn\'t seem like it could come out of his throat.  If they could have fixed those two things, this would have been the perfect version.  As for the other versions I have seen, I\'ll list them here in my order of preference with a quick review:  3)  2011 Version with Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fessbender:  My third favorite; major problems include Mia being way too pretty to play Jane, and she needed a bit more personality.  Michael Fessbender was admirable as Rochester, but he physically did not fit the part--too handsome and too "blonde".  Rochester was always referred to being dark, mysterious with black hair and eyes--hard to get past that part, but he is a sexy man. 4)  2007 Masterpiece Theatre version with Ruth Wilson and Toby Stephens:  Non-descript actors, but a decent production.  Except for one hot scene with Jane and Edward on the bed (which would NEVER have happened in the novel), sort of forgettable. 5)  1971 Version with George C. Scott and Susannah York:  Miscast; both leads were too old for the parts--so/so version, nothing too much going on here. 6)  2003 Version with Willian Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg:  I like Willian Hurt, but I hated him in this part.  Too blonde, too cold, no mystery here.  Charlotte Gainsbourg was painfully plain with NO personality.  This was as dry as toast and uninteresting with little to hold your attention.  NO chemistry between the two leads--absolutely none. 7)  BBC Version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke:  There is a good thing and a bad thing about this version and they both are Timothy Dalton!  He is WAY TOO HANDSOME to play Edward.  There is a part in this version where Edward asks Jane, "Do you find me handsome?" and she answers "No."  What a laugh!  Timothy Dalton is pure eye candy.  No one could get past this without laughing.  He was horribly miscast as the brooding and mysterious Edward.  On the plus side, he is the only good thing about this production!  His acting holds the whole thing together--the actress they have playing Jane has as much personality as a pet rock.  Not attractive, which isn\'t a major problem because Jane is supposed to be rather plain, she should have at least SOME qualities to make her feasibly attractive to the fantastically handsome Timothy Dalton.  In real life, Ol\' Tim wouldn\'t have looked twice in her direction.  Also, her acting was wooden, and she had this horrible pimple or wart on her face that kept moving about in different scenes--it drove me crazy.  So, after seeing the rather lack-luster Jane, Timothy Dalton is the entire production.  It is a dated and small production; hard to watch after viewing the other movie versions--but I do realize that this was an early made for TV/BBC production so you can\'t expect much.  I know many will call me out for trashing their beloved BBC production, but I have to call it as I see it.', 'It wasn\'t commercial.  It wasn\'t conventional.  It dealt with issues not often talked about in the early 70s, both the social issues that permiate through the series, and also such issues, in certain episodes, as prejudice, suicide, and homosexuality.   This is the story of the Bellamy household at 165 Eaton Place, London, both the upstairs family (the Bellamy family, led by Richard Bellamy, a member of Parliament) and the downstairs family (the servants, led by Angus Hudson, the butler, who in his way is more aristocratic than the aristocrats).  Yet in many ways, they are a single family, and we see them from the period 1905 to the 1920s, an era of profound social change, and we see the effects such changes have on this household, from a time when going "into service" was routine to the time when having half a dozen servants for a small upper middle class family such as the Bellamys was beginning to be the exception, not the rule.   The series includes rarely shown episodes from the 1st season, as well as the special, Upstairs Downstairs Remembered: The 25th Anniversary Special.  While the special is included with the first series episodes, I would advise waiting until you have viewed the entire series before watching the special, to avoid any plot points being given away.   The acting is wonderful, led by Gordon Jackson (as Hudson, the butler), David Langton (as Richard Bellamy), and Jean Marsh (as house parlormaid Rose Buck).  Marsh also originated and guided the series.  These three characters seem like rocks, upon which the waves of the social changes beat.  Yet they are worn and changed by the events of this incredible era.  Nonetheless, this is very much an ensemble cast--no character appears in more than 60 of the 68 episodes.   The first season seems almost experimental--many of the episodes have specific themes, such as those mentioned above.  A couple were unsuccessful and their events are never referred to again (for example, "The Swedish Tiger").  In the remaining seasons, events tend to build over the thirteen episodes, to culminate to some extent in the final episode of the season, which usually deals with a major event in the world (for example the King\'s death at the end of the second season, the start of the war in the third, the end of the war in the fourth).   Perhaps the most powerful episodes are those dealing with World War I, and the profound waste of the war, as many of the best of the generation are lost.  By the end of the War, there has been tremendous tragedy, and even the most ardent supporter of the war doubts the justice of the war.  But do not underestimate the fifth season, as the social structure crumbles.  The signs of this crumbling are seen throughout the earlier episodes, but they come to a head in the fifth season.   I have tried  to avoid discussing the plot, so as not to give away the plot events that should come as a surprise to you.  But suffice it to say that this is one of the first series when anything can happen within the framework of the series, when you could not count on everything ending happily by the end of the hour--or at all.   Brilliant.  Brilliant.']
['I have an 8000 gallon pond and a son who has installed hundreds of different ponds and ran into all the problems imaginable.  When pea algae turned my Florida (largely in the sun) pond green, I knew I needed a long term solution to avoid chemicals that might be harmful to birds and other wildlife using the pond, along with my cats and dogs. I turned to the IonGen system after reading several reviews and speaking with my son.  My son warned against it, though he said his experience with the system was in small ponds where it killed the fish,  Since I have a large pond and as I am an ease-of-installation and use-- kind of guy, I chose to purchase the IonGen.  I gave it 10 days to make a difference at the highest setting in my large green pond.  On the next day, as it was not clear enough for my taste and a few fish had (4) turned up dead, and many more, plus a gazillion tadpoles were simply missing or out-of-sight, I had to apply an additional remedy.  I added enough algae chemical-fix for 2000 gallons and enough pond clarifier for the entire 8000 gallons; I kept my pets and the birds away.  I also have a large waterfall with biological filters and balls and a pump that runs 8000 gallons/hour in order to quickly disperse the chemicals.  The next day I could see the bottom @ about 3 1/2 feet.  I could also see all my Hornwort (a dark green underwater plant) was dying and soon huge chunks of it showed up in the skimmer.  Okay, with all that said; its been weeks now and I have since lowered the IonGen to 5 and no new algae has appeared.  My water Iris, snowflakes and other water plants are thriving.  No more fish or plants have been harmed and a biological balance is being achieved.  I found three much larger Brim thriving and I notice my two grey armored catfish had grown considerably, all of which I accepted as the explanation for the missing fish and tadpoles.  So would I recommend the IonGen to others?  You bet.  Just consider all the above too.', 'I\'m not going to repeat the plot, nor am I going to go on and on about comparisons with the book.  This is just a critique on this version of JE.  I\'ve seen the others, and this version isn\'t bad, it\'s hilarious.  I\'ve never laughed so hard at an adaption which is supposed to be a tragic but uplifting love story.  Oh, let me count the ways....  First, the Jane Eyre character, played by Samantha Morton.  I thought she appeared to be a bit of a vindictive, spiteful, co-dependent girl.  She is a "Heather" in Victorian dress.  However, I think she was the perfect for this version of Mr. Rochester.  Oh boy.....  I LOVE Ciarn Hinds, I love his range, his voice, it\'s a doggone shame that the scriptwriter, director made his character laughable.  Yes, his mannerisms are cringeworthy, and his \'attraction\' for Jane, bordered on sexual harassment.  The character\'s lust for life, and vigor appeared to be a bipolar disorder.  The part that made spit out my water at the TV screen, the scene after he and Jane first shared a passionate kiss.  After we hear Jane narrate how she imagined the kiss or that moment, here comes Mr. Rochester.  Jane addresses him as "Mr. Rochester", and he has an expression of perverted that only Austin Powers could love.  He whispers, "Edward."  I was waiting for him to wink, wink, nudge, nudge and wiggle his eyebrows.  If you\'re down in the dumps, this version will make you shake your head and perhaps laugh it off.', 'The Complete Series Upstairs, Downstairs is a beloved drama set between 1903-1930 in Great Britain at the London mansion of an aristocratic family and their staff of domestic servants. It contains 68 episodes on 20 DVDs, plus one DVD with quite a few bonus features The first season comprises 13 episodes and the first episodes seem spare, especially in the dialog--more like stage plays than video dramas of today\'s miniseries.  Later episodes lose that stagey-ness and become very involved dramas. Since the original series broadcast in the US did not include the black-and-white episodes,  I was not familiar with the development of the series and how it grew from a rather simple initial season to rather involved arcs. For that ALONE, I\'d recommend this set of DVD\'s because seeing them all in series is fascinating. And I saw entirely new episodes (for me) as I\'d missed a lot of the first seasons, being off at college and without a television for some years.  I was also able to look at the opening titles with the drawings from "Punch" (A British humor magazine) and admire how the producers selected amazingly apt drawings to fit the particular episode.  Some of the initial episodes, sadly, are recorded only in black and white due to a technicians\' strike in the early 70\'s. It doesn\'t actually detract from the enjoyment, just makes it a bit sad we can\'t see the sets and costuming as they were filmed. The black & white are sharp and clear, but the color episodes can be somewhat lower in resolution. The colors can be dim as well, but it doesn\'t detract. The cropping is often odd. This is not a perfect conversion from the television to DVD, but it\'s adequate and probably a lot has to do with changes in technologies since the 70\'s and the early days of television-to-DVD remastering.  The extras are lavish:  Extras:  5-part documentary: The Making of Upstairs Downstairs 24 episode commentaries Upstairs, Downstairs Remembered - with Gareth Hunt (51:50) Russell Harty Goes Upstairs Downstairs (30:00) Sandy\'s Last Stand with composer Alexander Faris (13:15) Simon Williams and Alfred Shaughnessy in Conversation (22:50) "Russell Harty Plus" Interview with Gordon Jackson (6:40) "Russell Harty Plus" Interview with Jean Marsh (11:15) "Russell Harty Plus" Interview with Angela Baddeley (9:40)  Alternate version of Episode 1 "On Trial"  Essay by star and co-creator Jean Marsh  It\'s nice to go visit old friends again and have all the episodes and extras. There is a lot of value here, plenty to watch and re-watch, especially if you are a fan of BBC historical drama series. If you are a fan of "Downton Abbey" and don\'t know this series, you are in for a treat.', 'Somehow I never really got into this when it played on Masterpiece Theater back in the 70s. However, since I am such a fan of Downton Abbey, I thought I would give it a try. And I am so glad I did. It begins in 1903 when there were still horse drawn carriages and strict rules of decorum, and goes through WWI, the roaring twenties, and into the Great Depression. I found the families very enduring, both upstairs and downstairs, and their struggles very real. You will love the characters: Mrs. Bridges, Ruby, Mr. Hudson, Rose, Edward, Sara, Thomas, Fredrick, and Daisy, and last, but not least, the Bellamy family and their friends.  It does not necessarily have a happy ending, but it is a satisfying one. I will be sure to watch this series again and again. I think it gives a good insight into the history of the time as well as telling an enduring story. It shows the decline of the noble class in England, how it began and came about. That was a little sad to me because I think we lost something of elegance and grace along the way to progress, and I could not help feeling that I wished we had at least some of it back. All in all, this is a very good series. I wish there had been more of it. I would have liked to seen what happened to the characters during the Great Depression.  The newer, more modern, series is also good, but sadly it was not renewed so it really does not have an ending, happy or otherwise. I was really looking forward to see how England survived WWII. Perhaps they will rethink the decision to cancel it and bring it back. These, like then, are hard times we live in, and it always helps to see a good drama to make you feel better.', 'I\'d been hearing about Upstairs Downstairs for years. Somehow I never saw it when it was aired on PBS and the discs were a bit pricy for a \'hope it\'s good\' purchase.  Finally I found this 40th Anniversary set -- produced by Acorn -- at an irresistible price and took the plunge.  My wife and I sat down and watched episodes 1 through 3 and each of us had the same reaction. What was all the fuss about?  Upstairs Downstairs seemed to be a mediocre, low-budget, Brit sitcom and nothing more. We took a few days off and then decided to give it another go. And are we glad we did! For starting in episode 4 the entire feel of the series changed from a cheap sitcom to thoughtful human drama.  Okay, the "cheap" feeling stayed for somewhat longer. Only as the years went by did the production values start to go a bit upscale.  Never near the level of something like Downton Abbey, mind you, but good enough to become invisible.  The production and mastering of the Acorn set is so-so at best, both as to image and sound quality and the interface. (Oh, the junk you have to sit through on each year\'s disc one before the program starts! Ugh!) And instead of defaulting to having no subtitles 4 out of the 5 sets defaulted to subtitles on. Grrr!  But the drama itself is the thing and all that technical stuff pales into insignificance once we got absorbed into the characters and the stories. This is human drama as real as life -- full of the complexities, ambiguities, triumphs, joys, disappointments and sorrows of real life and told with feeling and an underlying appreciation for what it means to be human.  As such Upstairs Downstairs is highly recommended.', 'Let me first begin by saying that I remember watching Up/Down when it first aired 40 years ago, as a then vulnerable and impressionable young lass of 17. I enjoyed the show immensely, it was really rather a first offering of PBS, then known primarily as a fledgling "artsy" station, presenting this hitherto unknown British series through WGBH in Boston. From its first episode, Up/Down oozed quality in every way: superb acting, writing, direction, production, with the added bonus of Alistair Cooke\'s introduction, while seated in a leather armchair next to a roaring fire prior to each episode, to the accompaniment of the famous Masterpiece Theatre theme, Mouret\'s Rondo, which added to the understated elegance and anticipation of each episode.   The characters of Up/Down were many faceted and always interesting, not merely presented as one-dimensional, i.e., rich versus poor. One could even sympathize with the clueless and wealthy Bellamy family on occasion, theirs was a cocoon of privilege and comfort, yet their breeding never eschewed vulgarity or crassness, but embraced kindness, concern and responsible humanity toward their Downstairs "family". Similarly, their Downstairs family, in turn, showed respect, warm feelings of pride of service and true concern for their "upstairs" family as well. The viewer was entwined in the lives of both "families", experiencing their joys, sorrows and frustrations. All within a 25 year framework encompassing the Victorian and Edwardian ages, culminating in the death of Edward VII, the sinking of the Titanic and loss of Lady Marjorie Bellamy, World War I and its aftermath, the Roaring Twenties and the Great Depression, forever changing the world of the Bellamys first shown in 1904. Up/Down is, simply, a breathtakingly unforgettable series.  This 40th anniversary release is equal to the many superlatives written on these pages of reviews. I had VHS taped some of the original Up/Down episodes when they were re-shown on PBS in the 80\'s, which I still have. However, I wanted the DVD version, and decided to purchase this 40th anniversary set through Amazon.  Let me say that it is simply superb in every way.  The episodes have been remastered to splendid effect, they are all excellent in both video and audio quality. I do not understand how some of the reviewers could state that they are not! They are all exceptionally good.  There are 21 DVD\'s in this set, with an added 25 hours of extras, narrating the making of Up/Down,interviews with many of the characters who are still living, and they seem to enjoy reminiscing, sharing many little unknown facts about the particular episodes being presented. Priceless. There are also narratives and commentaries in the episodes by some of the actors, scene selection, and an enclosed brief written narrative by Jean Marsh, one of the co-creators who also portrayed Rose, the under-house parlor maid. The audio commentaries by the actors and writers on each episode are great fun, listening to Jean Marsh and Simon Williams\' comments give one a marvelous insider perspective. This is the definitive collection, it just doesn\'t get much better than this. I urge all Up/Down devotees, new and old, to purchase it. Also, the price on Amazon is about the lowest I have seen anywhere. It is well worth the price for this timeless and iconic series, presented as grandly as the series itself. Don\'t miss it.', 'What a pleasure to be able to watch every episode of "Upstairs Downstairs" at your own pace, with NO commercials or fundraising breaks!  I was surprised watching this megaset how many episodes I don\'t recall ever seeing.  I\'m not sure whether that\'s because I was out of the house at the time -- in the days before VCRs -- or because some of the episodes have elements reflecting the racism, anti-semitism, or other unfortunate aspects of the Edwardian age which U.S. networks elected not to broadcast.  At any rate, one need look no further than the brilliant first episode to see why this series is one of the best -- if not the single best -- historical drama ever, and every bit as captivating today as when it was originally broadcast.  With clockwork precision, the first episode introduces us to the aristocratic Bellamy family who live upstairs at 165 Eaton Place, and their staff of devoted servants working downstairs.  We see how the house functions, in particular the duties of the servants through the course of the day -- and we are introduced to one of the richest casts of characters this side of Dickens.  The steadfast and resourceful Hudson the butler, played by the late, great Gordon Jackson... the fastidious Mrs. Bridges the cook, played by Angela Baddeley... Rose the parlor maid, played by series co-creator Jean Marsh... Mr. and Lady Bellamy, played by David Langton and Rachel Gurney... their children James and Elizabeth, played by Simon Callow and Nicola Paget... all are indelible creations magnificently realized.  In the course of the series, the years from the first quarter of the twentieth century come to life with an unerring eye for detail, from the advent of electricity in the home to the adoption of the automobile to the crackle of the first crystal radios and early victrolas to the sinking of the Titanic to the horrors of World War I and the crash of the stock market in 1929.  Watching the series again, I was moved to tears on a number of occasions.  I felt as if I was spending time with a dear family I hadn\'t seen in many years.  This megaset also includes a twenty-fifth anniversary special that reunited many of the cast members to reminisce about the production.  One of the most amusing anecdotes comes from series co-creator Marsh, who recalls that there were "upstairs" dressing rooms for the cast and "downstairs".  The former had windows and boxes of tissue; the latter did not.  The Bellamy family cast were automatically assigned the "upstairs" dressing rooms -- until Marsh finally spoke up and noted that as series co-creator, she deserved a box of tissues as much as Rachel Gurney!  Then there is the spinoff series, "Thomas and Sarah", featuring the ever-scheming, never-succeeding former chauffeur and maid of the Bellamy household, which I consider more of a curiosity than a drama as compelling as "Up Down" itself.  Still it is a welcome inclusion for dedicated fans.  I have deducted one star for the technical problems of this DVD set, which have been cited by other reviewers as well.  A&E obviously didn\'t lavish the same attention to detail on the mastering of these discs as the writers, directors, and actors who created the show, and it\'s a shame.  Especially annoying are the little boxes of "digital dither" that appear in the upper right corners of many episodes, plus the nonexistent color correction in others.  Still, these technical issues detract only slightly from the breathtaking panoply of the drama unfolding here, and at a price around half that of the box set when it was first introduced, this megaset still merits inclusion in a British television enthusiast\'s collection.  One hopes, as others have noted, that A&E will eventually release an improved megaset that clears up these technical issues and perhaps includes another set of reminiscences from the series creators and television commentators.  Until then -- "look sharp," as Hudson would say, and order this spectacular set to enjoy with your family!', "During the 1970's I was serving my country in Europe, Panama and Vietnam. When I came home in 1972 I knew nothing of this British TV Series shown on Masterpiece Theater on Public TV.  Well over 37 years later, I learned of this Series quite by accident. I purchased the complete series along with the season of Thomas & Sarah.  This is an extraordinary compilation of the Edwardian period of English history.  The escapades of over 27 years of English history is indeed grand.  Upstairs resides the family Bellamy with all their aristocratic problems.  Below, downstairs resides the people of service led by the steadfast Angus Hudson who resided as the Butler.  The complete series covers the intrigues from 1903 to 1930.  We see Edwardian England, World War I and the roaring 20's.  This is a classic series.  One of the best series I have seen.  It is historically correct.  The content and acting is first rate.  Technically the sound is sometimes difficult to follow.  This series deserves a five star rating.  It is indeed a classic.  The addition of Thomas & Sarah is indeed a great bonus.  Please don't miss it!!!!!!!", 'I remember looking forward to Sunday nights in the 1970\'s, when Upstairs, Downstairs was Masterpiece Theater\'s offering, introduced by the divine Alistair Cooke.  When this DVD set arrived, I hoped that at least it could recreate the Edwardian world for me, as it did 30+ years ago.  I was wrong.  It is so much better than I remember.  With the perspective and experience of thirty years coloring the viewing, the foibles and triumphs of the two families upstairs and down are so much more compelling now.  With the underlying theme that the house must run smoothly no matter what is going on in the inside or outside world, the dependence of the two families on each other is beautifully portrayed.  The period details, down to the china patterns and the paint colors are exquisite, and the characterizations the actors bring to their parts, made possible by the very fine writing, superb.    From the first episode when Lady Marjorie hires Sarah "On Trial" and gently but firmly establishes Sarah\'s position in the household, through the elegance and grandeur of the Edwardian era, "There\'s no one to touch you, Mrs. Bridges, when it comes to lamb," the exigencies of WWI, when poor shell-shocked Edward the footman is cared for by Lord Bellamy; to the bittersweet end, when Lord Bellamy\'s diatribe when James loses Rose\'s inheritance in the stock market crash of 1929, causes a tragedy; the delicate balance between upstairs and down is fascinating and amazing to watch.  The pride the servants take in the successes of the upstairs family, which their support makes possible, and the avuncular care with which the Bellamys "look after" the servants ("I hate to see servants humiliated," says Georgina, when unexpectedly confronted with Frederick in an embarassing situation) make this series particularly fascinating to Americans, for whom this way of life has never existed.    Despite bombs falling, housemaids giving birth in the attic, party guests committing suicide outside the nursery, various forms of heartbreak occuring both upstairs and down, it\'s reassuring to know that at 165 Eaton Place, dinner will always be served by an impeccably clad butler on impeccably polished silver, and that tea in the servant\'s hall will always be accompanied by one of Mrs. Bridges\' delicious cakes (when she\'s not in a snit about being made to go to a lecture on wartime cookery).    No, the quality of the DVDs is not the best, but given a choice between owning it, with all its glitches and jumps--and not having it available at all--I\'ll take it. There are no problems distracting enough to make it unwatchable. This remarkable series has stood the test of time and truly shines.  The fine writing, splendid acting and authentic sets involve the viewer in the stories to the extent that the minor jumps and glitches are unimportant.  My only complaint is that Alistair Cooke\'s wonderful introductions are not included.', "Jeff Daniels had brought to life previously a great figure in American history by his masterful job as Joshua Chamberlain in 'Gettysburg'. In 'The Crossing' he takes on a even larger icon from the American past and pretty much knocks it out of the park. George Washington has always been one of my favorite historical characters, I think pretty highly of him. I think that he and his men were the glue that held the American Revolution together. Washington could have been a dictator but wasn't. His character and devotion to country are the stuff legends are made of.  'The Crossing' finds Washington at a critical time when he is at low ebb after the humbling defeats around New York. The war effort is portrayed in a very unromantic life. This was a war that America lost more battles than it won. But Washington at Christmas 1776 had a ace up his sleeve and the rest as they say is history. Daniels dazzles as Washington and portrays him as a very human character and shows his great temper that Washington usually kept under wraps. His dry humor is also a nice touch. I also like the bringing to life of the nearly forgotten John Glover ,by Sebastian Roch, and the true bravery of his men and what they sacrificed for the cause without their efforts little would have been possible. Roger Rees also does a nice job as Washington's friend Hugh Mercer. Mercer was one of the ancestors of George S. Patton of World War II fame, for a little trivia.  The film captures the cold of winter well and is a DVD to watch in December-January when the leaves have fallen off the trees and you have a warm crackling fire inside. This film captures that tough winter well and the spirit of the men who remained and the great leader who led them in one great roll of the dice. I wish more films were made about our Revolution.  The DVD has good picture and sound plus an interesting little 'making of' the film as an extra.  Highly recommended!", 'In all honesty, I expected this to be a so-so movie, however it turned out to be well done and very enjoyable. Jeff Daniels gives a wonderful performance as Washington and lifts the movie above the usual mediocrity of most made-for-TV-movies. All too often, actors are cast to play historic characters they just do not fit. In this case, not only does Daniels bear a passable resemblance to Washington, but he conveys the concern, insecurity, impatience, and determination the general admitted to feeling in his letters and correspondence.  I enjoy reading about history, particularly the colonial/Revolutionary War period, and am generally wary of historical movies due to their tendency to fudge on facts. While I do not claim to be a historian, I found The Crossing to be pretty accurate. I do wish they had brought in more soldiers since the battle scene appeared somewhat skimpy in that regard.  The sets and costumes fit comfortably with the time setting, as does the language and mannerisms. The picture is clear and clean, not distorted by fading colors or other problems. While it was made for TV, I did not find the breaks to be annoyingly obvious as with some. The DVD includes extras, including an interesting account of the movie being made, as well as interviews. One part shows how stunt men made the battle scenes appear real- something younger viewers might enjoy.  There is neither objectionable language in the movie, nor any sexual themes. The battle is not particularly bloody or violent, but would probably be PG if rated. It would make a nice addition to a homeschool history curriculum as well as the family video library. I will certainly be watching this movie again.', "The Crossing is about a small action that became a pivotal point in the American Revolution, the American assault on German mercinary troops in Trenton, NJ.  What struck me was not the audacity of Washington attacking in the dead of winter, but the cooperation of his subordinates that was need to even make this action remotely possible.  This is an ensemble performance that centers around Washington but shows the synergistec effect that was needed to make the attack work.  Jeff Daniels is excellent as Washington pulling his dispirited troops together for a decisive action.  Washington was taking a great risk, maybe the biggest of his career; by making a winter attack.  Armies of this time, rarely, if ever, fought in the winter and Washington was going against convention by doing so.  He was also conducting an amphibious operation which is one of the hardest operations to perform in warfare.  Here the cooperation of others was critical.  If the men under Colonel John Glover were unable/unwilling to give their all, Washington might just as well have stayed in camp.  No boats, no action fairly well sums it up.  Washington's troops could have muddled through and affected a crossing, but the element of surprise, I am sure would have been lost and no surprise meant a harder and more doubtful battle.  Glover is the true unsung hero of the battle and it is good to see him recognized as such.  This film abounds in small points.  The depiction of the Pennsylvania German troops in Washington's command is well done. The state of mind of Washington's troops, ofter overlooked, is shown in great detail.  The use of period sites also was a big plus in the making of this film.  In all, I found this one of the best films about Washington's attack on Trenton and one that gives a new impression of the compexity in executing this battle.  This film should be in the library of every person with an interst in early America.", 'This movie is of the kind that used to be known as a "star vehicle" back in Hollywood\'s Golden Age. Harrison Ford is such a likable movie star, and one that audiences can always put their faith in. It\'s as if his sole reason for getting up in the morning is to entertain, and this he has been doing like no one else for 40 years.  "Air Force One" (1997) is just a classic action adventure movie. Ford is the President, flying from Moscow aboard the presidential airplane back to Washington, along with his family and many staffers. The plane has not been in the air long when Gary Oldman, (excellent as always), pops up as the leader of a gang of Russian terrorists who hijack the plane, hellbent on having the President release a hostage who is a general and folk hero. Of course, the US does not negotiate with terrorists -- or does it?  The Oldman-led terrorists are vicious, but not brilliant. They completely lose track of the president, and he manages to escape into the belly of the plane. His family and staff don\'t know where he is, either. He manages to use his cell phone to call the White House -- whether that would work or not, I don\'t know. In any case, he and everyone in the Situation Room devise a plan to neutralize the bad guys and rescue the good guys. It may be far-fetched, yet clichd, predictable stuff, but a good cast, entertaining story and pretty good dialogue make it seem less so.  Ford mutters to himself better than any actor, and he gets to do a good bit of that while he\'s below decks. He is always a step ahead of the terrorists, and he and Oldman face off well. There are some nice little twists and turns.  Don\'t expect a tremendous amount from "Air Force One." and it won\'t disappoint. The most startling difference in movies like this made in the late 1990s and those made in the mid-2010s is in the special effects. CGI has completely changed the look of movies, and allows for much greater suspension of disbelief. The action sequences in "Air Force One" would have benefited from the now-ubiquitous process, but you can\'t work with what you don\'t have.', 'This is a movie that\'s nothing more than good, silly fun.  Like any "Die Hardish" movie, you just need to relax, enjoy the ride and not think about logic. This is certainly Harrison Ford\'s last, really watchable movie (don\'t get me started on "Crystal Skull"!) and there should\'ve been more scenes with Harrison and the always excellent Gary Oldman.  It\'s fast paced and never dull. If you enjoy over the top action movies where it seems like no matter how bad the situation is, it gets worse, this is one for your collection.  The good: The picture and sound are clean and spectacular, although the special effects show some rough edges.  The sound of the F-16s (?) flying in circles is a great way to show off your surround sound.  Now the bad: The Blu-Ray version doesn\'t have any extras except for Director\'s Commentary (which was on the DVD) and "Blu-Ray Live."  A serious disappointment for me! I subtracted a star for this. Otherwise it\'d be a 5-star.  Also, the Blu-Ray came with a Wal-Mart price sticker on it.  Whaaaat?', 'It still never ceases to amaze me how this high-spirited action-packed gem escaped me for all these years. My earliest recollection of this film is when I was still in grammar school catching the trailer\'s most infamous and notorious Harrison Ford moment when he quotes, "Get off my plane"!. (Priceless) Now, after all of these years have passed I can at least say that this film did not disappoint as the solid acting and fast paced action held my attention throughout the film in it\'s entirety. Upon viewing this film in the Blu-Ray format it made me regret not seeing it in theaters in a sense. On a more positive note, this blu-ray disc truly utilizes it\'s full potential of technology; moreover, it\'s patriotic epic score composed by the one and only Jerry GoldSmith which is also accompanied by a great sounding lossless audio track will really satisfy the home theater buffs. On an even more positive note, I feel this Blu-Ray disc was not far off or short for that in matter in delivering a true realistic theater experience because it was quite superb on many levels. I will elaborate more on these technical specs later but for now I will give a very brief summary here.  President Marshall, played by a more youthful looking and middle-aged (Harrison Ford) is held hostage along with his family and staff members on Air Force One after American Special Forces capture general Rodek who is the leader of Kazakhstan. President Marshall leaves a gorgeous and enormous looking Moscow dinner hall after delivering a very brief subdued and yet powerful speech concerning terrorism and foreign policy. Upon boarding the plane we are introduced with Ivan Korshunov who is played by the versatile and ever so impressive (Gary Oldman) While Air Force One is in flight, the audience discovers a mole in the secret service that is able to board Ivan and his other supportive terrorists companions. The secret service wastes no time in starting the bloodshed as he fires two bullets into two cabinet member\'s heads while they were discussing and briefing on important foreign policy matters. Soon the trails of a smoke grenade released by the secret service man signal Ivan and his ultra radical friends to unleash hell on the president and everyone else on the plane; and, that is exactly what they do because they are incredibly vengeful, bitter and quite keen on releasing General Radek.  Since we are dealing with Blu-Ray technology I always feel it is appropriate and mandatory to analyze and review the technical specs because that is what we are paying top exorbitant dollar for right? If we weren\'t receiving an upgrade we might as well be buying VHS right?  Well I am astounded to announce that, Blu-Ray fans won\'t be disappointed in this department either because the picture and sound looks and feels incredibly sharp, precise and most importantly very consistent. Despite the film\'s age, this disc completely revives and revamps it to a more recent looking film even with the sparse and light 90\'s grain subtlety prevalent throughout. Fortunately, this minor set back hardly retracts or dilutes any of the overall quality of this pristine transfer. More importantly, flesh tones are smooth and detailed throughout; hair and fabric emit some fine detail particularly in the darker interior shots of the control panel sequences. The blue colored control panel scenes are quite remarkable in the sense that it really enhances facial hair and flesh tone depth to a more elevated level of clarity in any parts of the film. Personally, no other scene compares to this high level of detail in my opinion. This attribute is more specifically shown when Gary Oldman is losing his patience when he frustratingly articulates his demands to the vice president with impunity and anger. Apart from the control panel scenes, the rest of the film does not fail to deliver in expressing some vibrantly smooth scenes in the conference rooms, bag storage area as well as the smaller private rooms (Bathroom, lounge rooms). The majority of the film takes place in the interior of the plane during the night with some interwoven scenes of the white house conference rooms so you will have to keep this in mind in order to regulate any misguided expectations. (In terms of settings, not an entire amount of variety here)  The Sound is excellent, as the flawless lossless 5.1 audio will give all your speakers quite a bit of attention; the dialogue is crisp, articulate, clean and very pleasing. I was able to make out every spoken word without any complications. You will truly appreciate the opening-firing scene at the headquarters in Kazakhstan when general Rodek is captured. Moreover, AK-47\'s, Mp5 and Mp5k\'s fire and pierce with unbelievable force and dominance, but that\'s not even the bread and butter here folks. The automatic sub-machine guns truly immerse you in its breath taking firepower during the first plane shootout when the terrorists kill the majority of the President\'s staff on board. Listen carefully to the bullets ricocheting off metal stairs or penetrating through bathroom doors. I fully appreciated the gunfire sounds in the bag storage area where President Marshall hides; it is quite impressive and mesmerizing actually. One will also quickly observe how much attention is given to the sub-woofer and rear channel speakers during the exterior night shots of the plane in fight; engines will roar loudly and thoroughly producing a strong vibration in any floor of your house. As a result, this creates a very strong acoustical sound range leading the front channel speakers and gradually dissolving to the rear. The introduction of the F-16 fighter jets following Air Force One leaves no speaker unscathed; the incessant accelerating engine power might cause one to grip on to their seats. (Well, at lease for me it did) These types of aerial vehicular sounds are nicely calculated in between scenes of dialogue and dominate the last half-hour of the film. Even though I have never seen this film on standard dvd I feel it is appropriate and safe to say that this is a serious upgrade for home theater fans. Although I wouldn\'t say this is an outstanding Blu-Ray film, I will say it is a solid one because it delights and pleases wherever possible. In that regard, it is worth the purchase.  In regards to the acting, Harrison Ford Fans or in my case die-hard Gary Oldman fans will be impressed here. A multi-talented and quite younger Gary Oldman emits a more vengeful and retrained type of villain here as opposed to some of the former impulsive, unbalanced psychotic characters he plays. His anger is explosive and expected when provoked and his calmness is professional when in control; he practically has zero empathy for anyone on board as he kills relentlessly with his crew. Harrison Ford, on the other hand, plays a very likeable president; his assertiveness and confidence in times of panic and danger will definitely satisfy his plausibility as an authority figure as well as a favorable president. Besides the main actors, Glenn Close ( The Vice president) along with William H. Macy and Wendy Crewson (the first lady) are serviceable to say the very least.  In conclusion, Air Force One will definitely please most fans of far-fetched action packed high explosive films while simultaneously satisfying the technical crowd who thoroughly enjoy seeing their films being treated in a careful and respectful manner.', 'What happens when the leader of the free world gets hijacked on his own airplane? A damn fine movie!  I like it when the good guys win. I like it when the bad guys get their @$$\'s kicked in a big way. I like it when people do the right things for the right reasons and the results are good. I guess I\'m old fashioned that way. That is what this film is like.  Harrison Ford plays the president. He is not just any US president; he is a former war hero and he means what he says. He stands up for what is right. While returning from a state visit to Russia, his plane gets hijacked by terrorists. The secret service manages to get the president to an escape pod and get the pod launched. When it is recovered, the president is not on board. He is still on Air Force One with the bad guys and his family and staff. He\'s hacked off and goes about taking care of business. For him, that means taking care of his people.  The bad guys are as bad and vicious as they can be. The good guys are scared but, mostly, they are honorable and try to do the right thing. I wish real life was like that.  The film is filled with twists and turns. It is also filled with unexpected "cliffhanger" moments. To relieve the tension, it also has some great light moments.  Watch this one when you have time to sit through the whole thing. You won\'t want to stop for anything.', 'This is another one of those movies I saw in the late 80\'s (on cable) already aware of the back story that Kim Basinger did not like working with Richard Gere and that they both were very upset about spending so much time in the movie being wet I can see why.  There is lots of \'wet\' in NO MERCY. By the way, Gere must have been a difficult \'act\' to work with because he and Debra Winger were at odds in Officer and a Gentleman, and there was a variety of production problems in Coppola\'a "The Cotton Club" (as the story goes).  I\'d assume Gere had something to do with that too. But, all that said, NO MERCY has a great look that begins in a pretty dreary Chicago and the gritty look does not change when locales change.. Gere is the aggressive Chicago cop who goes undercover and discovers somebody wants to hire him for a \'hit\' on a no doubt about it ruthless New Orleans \'business\' man with the gorgeous blonde, Cajun girl who was basically \'sold\' to the \'Narlins scum by her own mother when she was 13. Gere is always good as the wild card cop and/or loner type, and he will do just about anything to find the murder witness (Basinger).  Could she be involved more than we know?  Well, the race to the conclusion may be visible from an hour away but the ride is entertaining enough with the attractive leads in good form (Basinger really does do that "shaking rage, so tired of being pushed around and manipulated fury" well...). I found the ending symbolic of a Western in "Hell" showdown. Yep, not only did director Richard Pearce have his cast and crew playing in lots of water, but they also did an impressive job of playing with fire. Keep in mind this was years before the movie Backdraft. Street location footage and the hiding in the swamps of Louisiana footage help NO MERCY remain a credible viewing entertainment.  Some of the hard-boiled dialogue by the police Captain (George Dzundza, for example -- who is good otherwise) is too easy to laugh at:  "I don\'t like you I don\'t wanna\' swap spit ...(really?  It comes from out of no where too..) but, basically it\'s "go get\'tum tiger".  Legalities have become an afterthought. Check out NO MERCY for the good action, the real good visuals (includes Basinger\'s tastefully done, see through blouse when wet, of course...). Just let some story implausibilities slide by and enjoy the buildup to Gere and Basinger\'s relationship and, of course, the action finale. No need to overthink this one.  Sometimes looks are everything.  Basinger is beautiful and Gere is in the prime of his great hair days. 4 stars', 'This review is NOT about the movie as it is five plus stars. It is about the blu ray from Twilight Time. I have the DVD and just received the blu ray. For some unknown reason Columbia Pictures never issued this as a blu ray, so Twilight Time did. Normally I have been pleased with Twilight Time releases (HINT: all their releases are far far cheaper on their website, as I just found) as well as Criterion Collection releases. Honestly, Criterion is the best of all of them...Criterion, Twilight, Shout! Factory and Scream! Factory.  This is FAR FAR from a blu ray. I still own the DVD release and will continue to do so. There is absolutely NO difference between the blu ray and the Columbia DVD both in video and audio. I mean NONE. In fact, the blu ray is darker in tone then is the DVD. The darker tone does not account for a richer deeper picture, it is just dark. The DVD has a much brighter picture and the color at times appears sharper.  Perhaps there is a reason why Columbia never issued this as a blu ray. If their reason was because the negative would not transfer well, I certainly understand--as it clearly does not.', 'My whole life (I\'m over 50) I\'ve read about how great this movie was supposed to be. I never really thought about it till after I watched this but not once in my lifetime had I ever actually heard somebody I know say they liked this movie. Now I know why.  I already know what all the fans of the movie would say to me. How they don\'t even want to waste their breath on somebody as ignorant as me or I had to be alive during the times. Well that argument isn\'t going to hold any water with me. I admit my favorite genre is science fiction but one of my favorite genre\'s is also drive-in movies of the 50\'s, 60\'s and 70\'s to which this movie belongs along with many Roger Corman movies.  I don\'t know how much I can say that hasn\'t already been said both by lovers of the movie and critics. I don\'t know what the movie critics were thinking. There is no way that today a movie like this would garner positive reviews. Not with the internet being what it is. I suppose many movie critics of the time were part of the hippie generation and were liberal minded. Even so, I don\'t know how you can possibly think this was a good movie.  After the first 5 minutes it was all downhill from there. There is nothing exceptional about this movie. I\'ve seen much better biker movies or better movies of any genre you want to classify this as. The direction is poor. There is a reason nobody would give Dennis Hopper a job for a long time after this. His next movie was a bomb and I think Hollywood realized he just go lucky with the reviews. The editing is poor also. There are several inconsisticies. The acting is well below average also. Not to mention the \'locals\' they used didn\'t help matters. While I was watching it I said to myself "I\'ll bet they just used local people, these people can\'t act" and sure enough I learned that\'s exactly what they did. It ends terribly and I learned nothing other than the hippie movement was a waste of time. There is nothing in this movie that stands the test of time. It appears to be a movie about a bunch of losers who did nothing with their lives. I don\'t want to make this sound like a political discussion but what good is all this \'freedom\' they talk about so for you if you do nothing with it other than to live like an animal. Then again I don\'t spend my life smoking weed either so I guess I\'ll never understand.  The movie is boring, poorly acted, poorly directed, poorly edited, plot starts OK and slowly goes nowhere. In a way it reminded me of \'The Incredible Shrinking Man.\' Eventually the main protagonist shrinks to nothingness. Same as this movie.  Unless they find all that lost footage and make this into a better movie, I will never watch it again and consider it a lesson learned. I have no idea what the AFI was thinking when they included this in their 100 greatest movies.  This opinion is not coming from the younger generation who just want to see action. I actually like slow movies, independent movies....low budget movies in particular. But this one is just ridiculous. I\'ll admit that movies sometimes seem worse when you have expectations (opposite is true too) but this one is just flat out ridiculously boring and it teaches you nothing despite it\'s pretentiousness. Just look at Dennis Hopper. Typical from the generation and he is just a burn out. Listen to the commentary on the additional making of feature. They talk about him ranting and raving about the government and how they knew what they were doing when making the movie. He sounds like a raving idiot.  The only good thing that came out of this was that Jack Nicholson got himself recognized. The only decent actor in the movie.  I couldn\'t be more disappointed when watching a movie.  Recommended for people who just have to see every movie on AFI\'s 100 greatest films. There is no other reason to watch this other than to use this movie as an example of the saying, "opinion\'s are like ........ everybody has one."', 'Ok...I AM an "old man". I\'ve been playing bass since the days when all we could get were flat-wound strings in the early 60\'s. Back then, the strings were mostly pretty dead and lifeless sounding, with poor sustain, and uneven tones.  I was happy to switch to round-wounds when they became available.  Thing certainly have changed.  These Chromes sound really good, and different in some important ways.  They have a nice added fullness in the midrange (relative to round-wounds) that I really love, and have missed with round-wounds, but the nice thing is, they do NOT sound dead like the flats of old.  Been there, done that.  The notes are all even, the sustain is as good as it was with round-wounds.  I have about 14 basses in my collection.  There will always be a place for round-wounds on some of my basses for some kinds of tunes...everyone should have some variety, but I\'m quite happy to convert at least some of them to these chromes.  It\'s nice to have quiet slides back on some of my basses...like the old days in that respect. Oh, and my fingers sure thank me after several hours of playing complex licks. Smooth as butter!  BTW, I went with the lighter gauge (40-95) of the Chromes.  Don\'t be fooled by this...they sound plenty fat and full at the low-end, are easier on the fingers, and require less tension on the neck than the heavier gauges.  (check on the tension chart supplied by the maker...they are about the same or lower than some round-wounds)', "Pros: 1. Easy installation. The protective padding doubles as a template for pre-drilling the holes. This made installation easy. 2. Protective padding. The metal back plate does not ding up your wall because of the protective padding. It's a nice detail. 3. Sturdy. Contrary to the experience of some others, the model I received is quite sturdy. It is not going anywhere and neither is my guitar. I feel I could hang 60 pounds on this hanger. 4. Inexpensive. I have a couple of guitar hangers that are works of art and more attractive than this model. However, you pay for that aesthetic up to 5 times as much. This hanger has all of the functionality of more expensive hangers.  Cons: 1. Maple plate cover. I received this as an Amazon Prime review model, so I was not able to choose the cover style. This is not a knock against Gator Cases. To each his or her own. But I would not order the maple cover again. It looks cheap and unfinished. You can see for yourself in the photos I took. The mahogany cover looks like it would hide the inexpensiveness of the materials much better."]
["Although I cannot speak to its longevity, considering that I've only had it a short while, I can say that this mat so far is totally living up to the name.  When the box arrived I was surprised at how HEAVY it was. It is industrial and you can tell. We unrolled it and tossed it on the porch. We do not have a roof or awning over the door. We also are covered in trees. During the summer, normal mats would disintegrate due to the constant dampness of the door mat. I invested in wooden flats that we put woven mats on top of to keep them drier and it worked for a while. But then the wooden flats started to fall apart.  Finally, I was frustrated enough that spending $75+ on a door mat didn't seem all that crazy. Thus far, it works wonders. Pollen season is upon us and I am continually sweeping the porch. The mat sweeps easily, has already dried out from yesterday's rain and with the spaces in between the slats, no water will pool up and sit underneath.  I am hoping it lasts and lasts and lasts. That will be the true test.", "Pressed for time, but a quick review: Took me a while to realize the subtleties of a compressor. Finally made the decision due to trying to control dynamics and even out attack when amp master is cranked. Running the SP as first in my effects chain in front of a Blues Junior NOS, using a Strat w/Texas Specials. I did not expect the tonal aspects of this pedal. As a clean boost, this pedal makes my amp sparkle. Beautiful full, super clean tone with just the right amount of breakup for pick attack.  Very solid and well built little unit with very good loocks. When you crank either knob, the noise floor is amplified; I think this is more of an issue with equipment noise, not the SP. The manual specifically points this out, so if you hear people complain about noise, it might not be a fair assessment. Important to know that it's very easy to dial in the noise by adjusting the knobs. I've been able to get the tone I want with no noise at all.  Compressor evens out dynamics and adds sustain. I prefer the mid-compression toggle selection. Haven't played with the internal dip switches that affect attack. Not interested in this level of refinement right now. Enjoy playing with the volume and blend knobs -- so many great tones.  Not usually into pedal aesthetics, but this is a sexy piece of kit. The LED shines through the translucent knobs and looks like eye candy. Only issue is that it's so thin it can tend to tip to either side with the weight of cables. Haven't been able to velcro it down yet. Only play in bedroom and cannot give feedback on stage worthiness.  This is definitely going to be an always-on pedal. So glad I bought this. Unexpected all-star. Can't wait to try out more Xotic products.", "I was skeptical at first but since there was alot of good reviews on this mic on other websites, I decided I would order just one to see how good it really was. Since my purchase, I have used this mic for one live show and one home recording. I have an array of other brand name mics that are either the same price or valued at nomore that $100 or so bux. This mic out preformed all except the alesis and audix mics I got. It was equal to their sound however, the weight of this thing makes it feel very heavy duty. The switch on this one is also alittle above average compared to the other mics, as this one looks like it might last alittle longer. Samson and Behringer make pretty affordable mic packs that come in sets of 3 for around $60 to $70 bux, but I can tell you from personal experience that they won't last you longer than a year, especially if you gig every week or so. Recording with this mic was crystal clear and highs and lows were more then sufficently heard. This mic is hotter then a Shure mic and made just as well but - when compared to a Shure, I think this mic has a voice of its own. Highly recommend it - for the cost you won't find a better mic. If you want a better mic, you'd probably have to look in the $100 range and up. For running sound, you can't beat it - for recording, it holds it own.  UPDATE: 05/26/2014  After almost four years with this mic, its still sounds fantastic. I have dropped quite a few times and it still works like a champ. When I run sound almost everyone notices the difference in the clarity and volume of this mic compared to the other mics I have. I will add that you will find a better mic then this but it won't be under $100 bucks or even $150. It makes no sense for a gigging musician to waste that amount of money. Mics are the first piece of equipment that give out.", "Pros: 1. It is inexpensive 2. The pop filter frame and mesh seem to work fine. 3. It looks decent.  Much better than most of the pantyhose and an knitting circle DIYs.  Cons: 1. It is cheap and feels like it. 2. No way to easily replace the mesh. 3. The arm sags a lot of the time after adjusting it and is hard to get to stay precisely where you want it.  Conclusion: It is an okay solution that would be a good solution if the arms wasn't so unreliable for smaller adjustments, like the ones needed to get it near the mic without touching it.  I don't regret the purchase as I wanted something quick.  next time I will just make my own though.  I may even remove the head from this and put it on some thick wire to act as a more reliable arm.", 'This is one of the most interesting, different heads I\'ve used.  It appears to be clear at first glance, but actually it has several "bubbles" all over the surface.  I must clarify, they are not actual bubbles that are raised at all; the surface is smooth as any drumhead.  There are just some air pockets in the oil layer between the plies, which is intentional and is not a defect.  Weird, but not a bad thing.  The sound?  Warm, with short sustain.  A Remo Diplomat this is most definitely not.  Almost a "thick" sound, IMO.  Very 70\'s arena rock.  Though I like the sound, I found it was a bit hard to get a definite tuning pitch.  On the upside, however, I found that I didn\'t need to use Moongels, O-Rings, or any other dampener on my it.  Another plus: it is as tough as nails.  I\'ve beat the crap out of this head and it still sounds the same as day one.  Jazzers should stay away, but for rock, blues, and bar band drummers, this head is great.', "For the past 2 1/2 years I have been playing 4 different bluesmaster keys.  Before that I had been  experimenting with every brand and model there is, inlcuding the Promaster Suzuki in A.   I am 74 years old bordering on 75 and I have decided for the past several years that one of my   major goals in life is to master the harmonica.  Since I'm retired and plenty of time on my hands I   have come a long way toward achieving that goal.  My harp of choice is the Suzuki Bluesmaster.   I have yet to replace  any of the four harps ( A, G, B flat, C,) except for a minor tweaking of one or two reeds.   I also completely wash each harmonica every 3 weeks in very warm water. (you can do that with these harps   because they do not have wooden combs that swell up and crack.)  I then shake out the excess water and   blow on each hole for 30 seconds or so, to be sure all the water is out of the reeds.  Dry overnight and play   the next day.  I'm not what you would call a hard rocking blower, so I don't tend to put too much stress on my  reeds. Even though I play at least once every day. I must say the Bluesmaster has the sweetest sound, ease of playing and bending, plus a clean design that   doesn't put stress on my lips or tongue and never have a bad taste.  I highly recommend these to beginners.   Take good care of these little beauties and they won't let you down.  My thanks to Suzuki for making such a fine  instrument.  I'm trying to think of another key to buy like maybe an A flat.  I'm not bothering with anything lower than  a G major.  The low D's tend to  be harder to play and are not as sweet.  Freddy", 'I purchased the Jensen Jet Falcon 10" (8 ohm) speaker to see if I could upgrade the sound of my Fender Super Champ X2, which is a $350 hybrid tube/modeling amp.  The stock speaker in that amp is a Fender Special Design 10", and it is by no means "bad" at low volumes, but I had story after story about people replacing it and being happy with the change.  However, it seems like the popular replacement speaker for that amp (and many American-voiced 10" combos) is the Eminence Ragin\' Cajun, a super-efficient, LOUD, behemoth with a gigantic ceramic magnet.  What I was looking for was a more nuanced improvement to the stock speaker in the SCX2.  I did want or need the additional volume to play at home, but a slightly fuller tone, less harsh treble, and increased resistance to breakup/rattling were important to me.  After months of research, enter the Jensen Jet Falcon 10".  The Jet Series is Jensens effort to preserve elements of their classic vintage tones (Jensen speakers were typical of Fender amps in the 1960\'s), but providing a slightly modern twist with some additional low end response and warmer overall voicing.  This appeals to me also because I have a great love for guitar pedals, so my SCX2 may be asked to cop a Fender tone one day, and then belt out a gainy Marshall riff the next.  THE GOOD: Overall, I have to say that this is an excellent speaker.  If you already liked the tone of your Fender-style amplifier, the Jet Falcon is a fairly "safe" upgrade in terms of cost and staying true to the original tone of the amp.  Immediately upon installing this speaker, I noticed a fuller low end - not necessarily in the sub-bass frequencies, but in the lower mids.  I think this is a good thing unless your goal is to try and turn your Fender into a Mesa Boogie with a speaker change, which probably will not be successful.  Jensen also promotes the speaker as having a slightly rounded off high end, and I really like that aspect of it as a Strat & Tele player.  To be clear, the sparkling Fender high end is still there, but the high end is slightly warmer and more musical than the stock speaker.  The Jet Falcon also responds very well to gain - it was loving my overdrive and distortion pedals, and this will probably only improve as the speaker breaks in further.  Installation was a breeze - 4 screws in the exact same placement as my stock speaker and replaced the +/- connections by hand without having to modify anything.  It probably took 20 minutes (or less) to make the switch, and I have very little knowledge of how amps work.  THE BAD: As happy as I was with the tones I described above, one thing alarmed me a little bit and almost caused me to give the speaker a 4-star review...I believe it is quieter than the stock speaker.  Now, for me, this is arguably a positive thing.  Tube and hybrid amps have a better quality tone at moderate or high volumes than they due at insanely low settings.  But many who make the effort to replace the speaker in their amp are hoping for more power, which is why the Ragin\' Cajun is so popular in this amp, and I could see them being disappointed with this speaker.  As it is with me, the SCX2 already had more volume than I reasonably could need, not to mention both a "Line Out" jack and an extension cabinet output jack, so the Jet Falcon remains plenty powerful for my needs.  Oh, and yes, the Jet Falcon does feature a magical green cone.  Worth mentioning since something like 95% of the speaker cones out there are some version of black or gray.  I think the color is cool and I can\'t see it through the grill of my amp anyway.  But buyer beware if cone color is a "dealbreaker" for you...  The Jensen Jet Falcon is reasonably priced and delivers on classic American-voiced tones, with perhaps just a bit warmth and low end response behind it.  Do not buy this speaker if you hate everything about your Fender or similar amplifier, or if your goal is to be as loud as possible.  Do consider this speaker if you are interested in an affordable quality replacement or upgrade for your 10" combo or cabinet.', 'I bought a set of D\'Addario Helicore Cello Strings for a recently purchased second cello (which was used).  The cello, from a reputable company, came with terrible sounding strings which needed immediate replacements.  Since I wanted to compare my two cellos by equalizing the strings and using the same bow, it made sense to order Helicore strings (FYI my primary cello came with the Helicore).  As stated in other reviews for this product, the strings made a huge improvement in tone and projection on my second cello.  The "o.k." cello became a decent one simply by changing the strings.  I was amazed to find that the Helicore strings made that much difference.  Now, I\'m really sold on the Helicore strings.  I believe it\'s worth spending $100 on this set.  I highly recommend it.  Perhaps, you may be wondering how the comparison of the cellos went.  My primary cello (newer but better material) easily won, but my second cello is not too far behind now.  Update (9/15/2013):  Since my earlier post above, I\'ve purchased third cello, and as in the past, I\'ve ordered a new set of Helicore and replaced the strings that came with the cello.  I, of course, played the cello with the original strings first, but they were not good enough for me.  The new set of Helicore made amazing difference once again.  The Helicore strings on the first and second cellos are still performing wonderfully.  I love Helicore, but I am planning to test out a different set of strings next time.  I will write a review, comparing the set with Hlicore.  Until then, happy celling!', 'I have a love/hate relationship with this monitor. I love the extra input, which makes it a lot more versatile than its smaller sibling (the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BEHRINGER-EUROLIVE-B205D/dp/B00378GEAM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BEHRINGER EUROLIVE B205D</a>&nbsp;and its cousin the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mackie-SRM150-5-25-Inch-Compact-Active-PA-System/dp/B003552MFI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mackie SRM150 5.25-Inch Compact Active PA System</a>. I dislike the thumbdrive feature because that technology is outdated. Had bluetooth been included I would have a total love for it.  This is not appreciably louder than the smaller B205D or SRM150, but has truer sound. The extra inch of the speaker is an improvement. In small venues this can also be transformed into a small PA. That can even be expanded by adding additional units (or B205Ds or Mackie SRM150s) using the daisy chain capabilities. Those come from the XLR male \'Through\' connection on the back into the combo XLR/1/4" Main In connection. You can use an XLR to 1/4" cable to connect the Through to the Main In. You then can control the volumes of each unit through their master volume knobs.  A single one of these works in small venues as a PA (although if it\'s a small bar, coffeehouse or restaurant I recommend at least two daisy-chained.) For venues that I mainly play - retirement and nursing homes - the audiences are attentive and a single one of these will work for up to fifty residents.  For larger venues these are great monitors that can be connected to a PA by connecting the Through port to the PA\'s mic or instrument inputs (you can select either on the back of the unit). You can also use this for a single instrument and two mics, for for three mics, then mix and pipe them into a PA (or use this as a small PA). It will also accommodate condenser mics because you can turn on phantom power.  There are no effects, nor is there an effects loop. You can use effects between your mics and instruments and the three inputs on the front, but if you are then sending the mix to a PA there is no way to separate them once they are in the PA\'s input channel.  Overall, if you are considering a B205D this is a better deal in my opinion. As for my wish for bluetooth I solved that by connecting an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iKross-Bluetooth-3-0-Wireless-Audio-Stereo-Music-Streaming-Receiver/dp/B00SW0523A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iKross Bluetooth 3.0 Wireless Audio Stereo Music Streaming Receiver</a>&nbsp;to the RCA jacks on the front.', "I REALLY like the functions, plus the fact that it is so simple. All I have to do is throw a CD into this thing. Then I can change the pitch without changing temp. Ever tried to figure out old ACDC tunes? They're all + or - some fraction of a note, right? OK, this fixed it for me.  And of course I can slow the tempo down a lot and then A-B repeat the lead part so I have a chance at it.  The CD sound quality is really not bad. NO, it ain't Hi-Fi. But seriously, what do you expect. Yet for something this size and cost, I was surprised I could plug Line-out to the stereo and it wasn't bad. Just be sure you push your connector all the way in. For the longest time, the connector was not pushed in well, and it sounded crappy. not anymore.  The guitar effects are a bit like the cheesier 80's effects. Don't expect a lot there. But then again, I'm just using this to figure out licks, so that's not a big deal in my case. Most of the time I play the Tascam through stereo, and I play the guitar through a practice amp, so this is not even a problem for me.  Batteries won't last long if you're as slow at figuring out licks as I am. Get you the power transformer; I think it's one of those 5V types.  But again, for not having to convert tracks to some audio format and all that techno-stuff that goes with it, this is just what I was looking for. Just throw the CD in there and get to woodshedding.", 'Review by Michael W. Dean, Freedom Feens radio show, syndicated on Genesis Communications Network.  The RE-20 is the venerated holy grail of broadcasting. Creamy radio audio, retro 60s charm.  This mic gives a lot of freedom of movement. With my old Shure Beta 57a mic, I had to be right up on it to sound great. The sweet spot was the size of a plumb. That ended up making my back and neck tense doing a long live show. With the RE-20, the sweet spot is the size of a basketball. I can move all over and sound great. Will extend my life span! (Good for us cranky, creaky old guys. I turn 49 this week.) You can also talk more naturally with an RE-20, it doesn\'t require conscious or subconscious "mic technique" that other mics require to sound really good.  This mic is built like a tank. The RE-20 comes with a 3-year factory warranty. What else in the WORLD comes with a 3-year factory warranty these days??  Available in any color you like, as long as it\'s green. To be more specific: somewhere between Vietnam-era US military camouflage green and old-school hospital room green.  I skipped the fancy accessories, like the expensive RE-20 specific shock mount ($125) and the RE-20 specific pop filter. A standard condenser mic shock mount and boom arm works fine. And while this mic, more than most, will work fine without a windscreen, a standard cheap foam windscreen stretched over the end makes it sound even better. No need to get the dorky little RE-20 specific pop filter.  Used correctly and with a good pre-amp, the RE-20 is a sword of truth cutting through the murky swamp of media lies and statist COINTELPRO sheeple-bleeting horizontal enforcement of injustice.  If you want to hear some stellar two-minute audio tests I did with the RE-20 I bought on Amazon, Google: Freedom Feens Two-Minute Audio Test of Electro-Voice RE-20 Microphone', "First, this is NOT  a Strobe light. Not in the truest sense of the word. This is a SOUND activated RGB LED light. You have a knob that minimally controls the sensitivity of the unit, and a push button that controls the sequence of colors. And that's anybody's guess. Because there are no instructions in the box, or on the box. All you can do is press the button until you find what color sequence you like. The unit, as shown in the TOP reviewers video shows him tapping his finger next to the unit and it coming to life, well it does. But you better have it sitting on a speaker and that speaker turned up pretty darn loud if you want this unit to really do any flashy light show. And even then, don't expect a STROBE affect, because this IS NOT a real strobe light..  if you want a Strobe light in the purest sense. Now, if you want flashing lights activated by sound, this is what your looking for. But a real strobe light leaves trails when you move across a room.. Or wave your hand.. That's old school Strobe, and even those had an adjustment knob to control the speed. This light will not do that. Update to my original review 1 Aug 2016: I came back an added 2 Stars to my original review. And here's why. Although not a true strobe, this light will put off a good light show if you have very loud music playing. Depending on where the unit is placed. I keep it in my guitar (music room)  If the sensitivity knob is turned wide open, and the music is good and loud, especially with a lot of bass, which this is really triggered by, it does give off a pretty good light show. And it is very bright. You still will have to experiment with colors, as there is no way to determine what setting you are on, other than just pushing the button until you get the color pattern you like best. But the louder the music, the more this will perform. Another use for this which is actually pretty cool, is using this behind a large Flat screen TV. Based on the color and sensitivities settings, behind a 55- 65 inch TV, this really adds a lot of special effects to a movie. In particular Sci-Fi movies and such.", 'Let me first say that I\'ve owned other Line 6 products, and I commend the company for its efforts in technology and creativity. The AMPLIFi TT is no exception to that legacy. What Line 6 has done with this product is create a very compact amp modeling/effects head, and packed it into a very compact "play anywhere" device. You can keep it on your desk, nightstand, or end table, plug your headphones and guitar into it anywhere in your house or office for personal jam sessions or practice without bothering anybody. Or you can plug your studio monitors, computer, and pedal board into it and create a full on studio, all centered around this little box. Do keep in mind that the TT comes with no speakers of any kind - it is basically only a head - but for a couple hundred dollars more, you can buy some very nice studio monitors or an amplifier speaker to plug it into. Or you can just use headphones.  There is an iPhone and Android app that syncs via bluetooth with the TT. It has 100 preset models/effects by default, each of which can be edited and saved via the app on your phone or directly on the face of the TT. You can also search the cloud for other sounds that you can download for free and use in your own "My Tones" library.  The AMPLIFi TT is compatible with the FBV Shortboard MkII foot controller and the FBV Express MkII foot controllers. The only downside to this is that there is not very good documentation for exactly how to edit and save tones with your footboard onto the AMPLIFi TT. The manual for my Shortboard MkII doesn\'t call out the TT specifically, so I\'m having to infer certain processes from instructions on how to use the Shortboard with the POD or other Line 6 products. That\'s a minor annoyance, but I\'m sure I\'ll figure it out.  All in all, I love this product. It, and the JBL monitors I bought to accompany it, have all but replaced my extremely bulky Flextone II Plus as my primary guitar amplifier. Would highly recommend this to any guitar hobbyist who doesn\'t need bulky amplifiers for home use.', 'I am a long-time player. Looking at the little \'pickups\', it didn\'t seem much different than all the other \'contact mic\' types that have been around since the 70\'s. I saw the reviews, and installed the K&K Pure Mini\'s: First in my Martin 000-28VS, and then in my Recording King copy of the Martin parlor. The K&K sound in the Martin is absolutely wonderful! The string balance is excellent, with the bass notes the clearest I have ever experienced! You can hit the low notes as hard as you want, and it does not distort-Absolutely nothing resembling a quack or quirk. Think warm, rich tone that is great for strumming, melody, percussive styles, and all. You will be inspired. The Recording King also has a mighty voice with the K&K! I did purchase K&K preamps, too. I would highly recommend going with the K&K preamps too.   NOTE: I, very carefully, and precisely, followed the installation instructions. It includes a very useful, and simple to use, jig, putty, and endpin jack.  No soldiering needed, if you are using 1/2" jack.  I purchased a guitar \'mirror\', and the proper tools for enlarging the guitar end-pin to 1/2". I now have K&K in two acoustics, and a Dobro. I\'m getting more!', "There is something special about this guitar. First off, it has a really nice weight to it. The satin finish on the body is what really sets it apart from the glossy versions, in my opinion. It gives the guitar such a better look. The neck feels great. And I mean great. Very smooth feeling when you're playing and running your hand down the length of it. The pickups are ok, I think they are meant to be changed anyway. They do sound great with the right amp though.  The inlays look dope, no complaints there. The head stock is nice too. The knobs are fine, the tone knob gives some variety for your sound, and the volume knob is simply that. No coil tap ability but that's fine. The strings go through the body, as can be seen in the pictures. It's a nice touch, and it does increase sustain. Obviously this is not something to rival the very expensive ones. But with the right upgrades, it has a really good chance to do so. I will definitely be keeping this one.  UPDATE: It has been about 9 months now that I have had this guitar. I still love it. Ended up changing the strings to 11s (Ernie Ball Power Slinky). For metal those strings just work better in my opinion. None of the guitar parts have come loose or apart. The inlays still look good as new. I was a little worried when I first got it that the headstock would break. This is because it is set at a slight angle compared to say a Strat-style guitar. I've traveled around with it in a hard case and softer gig bag, and so far no problems. However, I do treat my guitars as if they are my babies so that plays a big part. I still have no complaints about this guitar. The only thing I would change are the pickups but I get the sound I want by adjusting the amp settings, so it's not a big issue for me. Would still recommend this guitar for players of any level.", 'I really did not know what to expect. I\'ve had a few distortion pedals over the years, but nothing really blew my skirt up. I had one of the original Tom Sholtz Rockman\'s that when plugged into my 4 track recorder I had at the time gave me much of the sound I wanted. It cooked out eventually. I thought about buying a new one, but the ratings on the new version, by a different company are not a good sign. I never used it other than to record directly from it, so quality of head phones never mattered to me. But I did not want to take a chance.  Anyway, this looked like something I might be looking for. It turned out to be exactly what I wanted. Even small adjustments can change your sound. So this is not just limited to those who like to play their guitar with a crow bar. You can go as heavy as you like, or to just enough distortion for a more bluesy sound.  The thing that impressed me the most is that it is much more than a "noise box" that gives you that cheap sounding but loud distortion. This gives a full bodied sound and really makes playing guitar much more enjoyable. I really like this thing.', "Taking on the bass guitar after decades of being an electric guitarist was a decision I have not regretted. Regarding effects, it has been like moving from the city to a zen monastery. I just need my bass and an amp (and sometimes not even an amp if going DI!). Rather than buy separate pedals for compression, etc. I decided the MS-60B would be an excellent compromise. Using one pedal doesn't hurt the whole minimalist vibe I've been digging within the bass guitar world. Heck, forget the multieffects - this thing has amp simulators, too! How cool is that? One pedal! No rack!  Well, it is too cool to be true.  I can say without hesitancy that there isn't one effect in this pedal I enjoy. Not one. The amp sims I can take or leave, too. It was a letdown. I should have known better, to be honest.  If you're looking to use this live then I can't recommend it. It will suck the tone out of your rig. I can see how some might find it fun to play around with, though, even though the interface is clunky as all get-out. There is no dedicated power switch so if you want to adjust any of the effects you need to pick it up off the floor (so you can see the tiny screen) and power up with a plug placed into the input jack. That's a standard way to power a pedal but with a multieffects pedal you should have a dedicated power option. This assumes that you are using it battery-operated, of course. You can plug it in with an optional wall-wart but then what is the point of a pedal if you have to plug it in to a power source?  It looks like I'll be buying a compression and tuner pedal separately. Oh, well ... learn and live!", 'There\'s a fair chance that the On-Stage people are from another planet. Well, ok, a certainty.. they are not humans. Not from "around here". Just like IBM in the 60s, even that whole "index finger longer than middle finger" thing. I couldn\'t keep that in... boy, I do feel better now.  Like us, they\'re "mostly harmless", and other than their talents for interstellar travel and secrecy, they\'re exactly like us. Well, ok, they killed all the Republicans long ago, and enjoy a world we\'d all (ok, not The Nuge and his acolytes... I\'m thinking most of humanity) think of as a paradise.  Anyway.. the issue of their last war was over microphones (ok, sure, stupid.. but less stupid than killing soldiers, civilians and kids over minor differences in your vision about imaginary big daddies in the sky, eh?). At the conclusion of that war, they struck a landmark compromise... every existing mic stand would now accept both condenser and dynamic mics, at the very same time (stereo was not an issue... these guys only have one ear, but it\'s a crazy big one right in what we\'d call our foreheads).  Once they got that star travel thing going, their main reason for continued existence became spreading this new technology. Here it is... one of the cheapest products of interstellar commerce you can find (ok, not as cheap as the "Big Mac", but at least the parts are made here on earth... eating the alien equivalent of the sink bug just never appealed to me, despite the weird fact we find it tastey... only known civilization that does).  I have personally tested this device, and it does actually hold THREE microphones. Hold them well, they just don\'t fall off. And I bet you were expecting just two. This model is not available on the Onstage home planet, as they\'re worried it might start another 1,000 year war.', 'I purchased this ukulele around the same time I purchased a Cordoba 20TM, so I\'m measuring the Luna against the Cordoba, having played both instruments.  At a glance, the Luna appears to be well manufactured.  I could find no flaws in the overall construction.  I will say it is a very attractive ukulele.  The tuning machines work well, though I did find a little play in one of them.  However, I don\'t consider that to be a big issue.  I played all the frets on all the strings and found no dead frets or buzzing.  Checking the action over the 12th fret with a string hight gauge, I found the action to be nominal (.090" from top of fret to bottom of strings).  I found the intonation at the 12th to be a little sharp on a couple strings, but it was slight and probably wouldn\'t be a problem for anyone but the most fussy.  SO the cosmetics, construction and basic mechanics of the instrument are pretty good.  What I noticed when comparing this uke to my Cordoba is the different sound they make.  The Cordoba is brighter and the individual notes are more clear than the Luna when strumming chords.  The Luna sounds muddy to me when I play chords alongside the Cordoba.  I played the two instruments for my son and he said the Luna has more bass.  I also noticed the Luna has more volume than the Cordoba--it\'s louder.  Plucking individual strings on the Luna was more pleasant than strumming chords, but I\'m more into strumming than I am a picker, so sound quality during strumming is important to me.  I\'m not certain how I feel about the Luna at this point.  I\'m going to play it for a while and see whether it grows on me.  If you\'re looking for a uke that has more bass, this might work for you.  I don\'t think it\'s a bad instrument, but it might best serve those who lean towards that tonal flavor.  I gave it 4 stars because the sound of the instrument didn\'t knock my socks off.  Again, this might be personal preference, so don\'t take that as a hard negative.', 'I received my bag today and I have to say that it is a perfect fit for my drum. It is quite sturdy and has a very high-quality nylon. However, the padding is light but I have another bag to put inside for extra padding. Here is the problem . I have previously purchased other bags in this line for other size DJEMBE drums that I have. Usually, they come with a handle on the top. This one did not. I am blind and cannot look at the pictures, but I was expecting a similar bag but at the right size.  The handle is very important for me because it is easier to move around and I can just grab it. The other way I have to turn it on its side and the wait is very difficult for a blind person to carry.  This is a very specific problem, however this bag and receives a four star because of the strong stitching on the  Bad and good construction over all.  I would recommend this product for someone looking for an inexpensive light duty bag for the DJEMBE.   I am adding to this review. I liked the first bag so much that I have purchased a second bag for another DJEMBE of the same size. This will make transporting the drums a lot easier.', "I play bass and keyboards in a dance cover trio, and also sing backup. I was considering buying a wedge monitor to hear myself better, but after researching this and the other Rolls gadgets, along with the ART and Behringer ones, decided to buy this one. I'm thrilled that I did. Wasn't sure about the extra cost for the added line input, but thought it would come in handy for a click track or anything else I might want to do in the future. I got to try my setup at rehearsal and the results were awesome. I was able to sing my parts with so much more confidence and accuracy just from having my own voice right in my ear. I paired these up with a pair of MEElectronics M6-CL-MEE Sport Noise-Isolating In-Ear Headphones with Memory Wire (Clear) from Amazon for $20 (also VERY happy with those, highly recommend!)  In my setup I run my Sure SM58 into a TC Helicon doubler pedal and then into the PM351 (with a really short xlr jumper cable I also got on Amazon). From there it goes into the board. For rehearsal, I did not use a monitor send back into the PM351 but will try that at my next gig. I plug a mini-jack headphone extension cable into the PM351 and plug the in-ear monitors into the extension to give myself room to get funky. The ear buds have nice memory wire and run over the ears and down your back. They have a little clip that I clip on the back of my shirt collar. Wireless in-ear monitors are awesome on TV and for rock stars, but after careful consideration, I realized that 90% of my gigs have stages so small that I barely get to giggle around much at all. Having a thin cable running to the PM351 is no worse than my bass guitar's cable. And they both run to my pedal board in front of me so it's not a hassle at all. I have all my effects velcro'd down on my pedal board for ease of set up. (It will also run on 9 volts from my One Spot)  The PM351 is very load and I had to turn it way down. I also only used one ear bud since we don't mic everything in rehearsal. Just having my own voice in my one ear at just the right volume was a huge help with my singing and i know the gigs will be that much better just from that. The TC Helicon (I love!) helps thicken up my backup vocals and sometimes I use the Octave Up setting that can be hard to sing with without hearing yourself clearly. With this setup I can nail the right note and octave and hear exactly what is coming out of the TC Helicon. This is all WAY better and cheaper than lugging around a wedge monitor. Our drummer is also going to get the exact same setup I have! Highly recommend!"]
['4.5 stars.  Man, do I want to give this game 5 stars! But...there are some problems.  Can you say "crash?"  When playing, most of the time I am scared and jumping out of my office chair.  This is a really creepy game!  But once in a while I go through a door and the dreaded "Loading" page pops up and I am wondering if I will have to go back to the "saved games" area to continue my adventure from there.  To reduce my anxiety I save the game each and every time after a "Loading" page brought me back to the game.  It is a pain, to be sure, but this game is worth it.  There was a review here that was griping about saving a game and then the game sending him back to the very beginning of said location(s).  There is a trick to saving the game at an exact moment and place.  Push "Esc" and go to the "Load/Save" section and delete the previous saved game(make sure the entire page is empty), then save the game you are playing.  Be sure to only have one saved game at a time because this is a seriously annoying glitch in the game frame.  There is one last annoying factor in the game.  It is that using any other spell besides "Scrye" is next to impossible because the locations are so incredibly dark that I had to use that spell almost constantly in most areas.  Now for all the positives!  There are great, eerie sound effects that gave me constant chills; and I had to remind myself that this is only a game.  I was backing into corners frequently, rapidly looking left and right for attackers.  You can save the game at any point, which is great, but be sure to remember to "delete" the previous saved game before saving the new one.  I laughed at one point because I actually jumped from my chair at a loud crash of lightning.  One area was so dark (be sure to have that "Scrye" spell handy), and I was so nervous about being attacked, that when the character\'s hand moved I thought I was being attacked.  There was one awesome point in the game when I was running down a hallway toward a large mirror when from behind me, rising out of the floor, a demon reached out to attack me from behind!  Ahhhh!  What a fantastic moment!  Oh...you\'re gonna love the shotgun!  Be sure to save your "Health Packs," and be careful with that dynamite!  If not for the monotony of "scrying" everywhere, the rare "Loading" crash, and the small nuisance of saving the game so often, this is an extremely satisfying and genuinely scary game.  I kid you not.  If they ever make a sequel without the bugs that inhibit the original from attaining greatness I will seek it out with fervor.  This is an addicting, fun, chilling game.  One last note:  If you find yourself in a pitch-black catacomb at one point in the game with about ten animated skeleton warriors coming after you, do the smart thing...run for your life!  Take it easy.', "I must first state for the record, I hate strap locks. Hate may be a bit shy of the mark, actually. I've never met a set I liked in any single way.  I've only ever dropped an instrument that HAD strap locks on it. In fact, EVERY instrument I've owned with strap locks has suffered a gravity attack caused by the very device intended to prevent such misfortune. Schaller type strap locks tend to come unscrewed- even with Locktite. When you install them, you are compressing the nut and washer against a compressible material (leather, nylon, etc), so it is never really tight. Plus there's only about two threads on the slim little nut, and if they aren't a really tight match to the other half, wear very quickly (especially since you have to tighten them so often). Duncan type often suffer from 'non-positive lock syndrome' if not regularly cleaned and lubed. Then there's the fact that unless all of your instruments are equipped with the same brand of lock buttons, your strap is only compatible with the ones which match. And then there is the the metal-on-metal clankyness. Yuck. Oh, and and the cost. Moving on.  Why are these little Elliptical End Pins so brilliant? They are NOT strap locks. If you orient the widest points horizontally when you install them - as you should, then in order to put your strap on and take it off, you will need to turn the strap 90 degrees to the instrument. This isn't something you are likely to do inadvertently while reaching for your beer onstage. Sometimes the simplest design is the best design. And they're pretty, too.  Downsides? I will say the screws supplied with these are pretty short, but then I would also argue there is no reason to not use the screws holding in the original strap buttons as long as they fit tightly. If they don't, using smaller or shorter screws is not the answer- especially considering if the screws cut new threads, you're pretty much- uh, screwed. The washers these come with are pretty small too, so I just used the screws and felt washers that came with the factory buttons. With a brand new strap, they can be a bit tricky to get on, but just as tricky to get off (which is good). That tight fit could cause some increased wear on the strap, especially if it is made from cheap materials. With older straps, just as with any traditional strap button, you need to develop a good habit of always checking the positive seat of the strap, but it is very easy to verify, and again much less likely to slip than a traditional button. Mechanical strap locks actually require just as much diligence to ensure they are still securely fastened and working properly. But with strap locks, if there's a problem, you'll have to grab some tools to fix it - or replace it entirely. Talk about a false sense of security. With PE's Elliptical End Pins, you just put the strap where it should be and you're set.  If you are one who is taken to doing back-flips, or find yourself frequently using your strapped instrument like a hula-hoop onstage, then these probably won't save your precious instrument from the gravity goblin or inertia monkey's worst intentions. But if either of these antics are your norm, you might be better served by a permanently attached strap, or perhaps therapy.  Since writing the review above, I've ordered several more sets to use on all of my basses. I'm done with traditional strap buttons and don't imagine ever going back to metal on metal strap locks.", "I almost passed on these because of the low ratings people have given them. I took a chance on them anyway because I figured the fun effect they could have out weighed the chance that they were as bad as the reviews said they were. The fact is, these are pretty cool. I have played with them for about 1 hour total now and they work great and are holding up to quite a beating. Far more than I thought they would. They light up bright and look pretty awesome.  Having said that, there are a few things these are not. First as mentioned in other reviews they do not have the same feel as a wood stick. I see no reason to lower their rating for that though because after all, they are not wood sticks! Wood sticks are pretty rigid where these have some flex to them. They're not rubbery just not rigid like wood. This is likely so that they are durable. Unlike wood, plastic has no grain structure. If these were made more rigid they would likely be brittle and break easily. These are likely a compromise between rigidity and durability. Overall I'd say the effect is very livable and they are very playable.  Also, these will likely not be as durable as a good wooden stick. These again are not wood and plastic after all. The thing is, wood sticks don't last forever and even break during use. These also will not be every day sticks and possibly not even all night sticks. They will be sticks where the added effect of a brightly lighted stick is worth the loss of feel and possibly durability.  If you're thinking about these for an added effect for a show or a little novelty when your playing, I say go for it. They do appear to be able to hold up pretty well to hard use and for limited uses they can be pretty cool. Just don't expect that you will throw away your wood sticks, that's not the point of these.  B", 'To anyone who may be concerned that pricing determines actual *performance* quality in MIDI cables, let me assure you now that it doesn\'t. They either work, or they don\'t. Simple as that. (Also, "wrong notes" mean that they don\'t work. But that\'s most likely the controller glitching. There are ways to fix controller glitches which I do not feel I need to explain here.)  The only differences between lower and higher end cables is the amount of external abuse/interference they can withstand/prevent. In terms of latency, even USB 2.0\'s data transfer rate is beyond overkill for transferring MIDI data. Purchasing expensive MIDI cables is highly unnecessary unless you\'re considering ludicrous lengths such as 20 feet or longer (Edit: Or in such an environment in which you EXPECT them to sustain physical abuse. Of course, if you\'re doing that, an extra $70 probably isn\'t that big of a deal.) If you claim to feel "Lag" from a cable of this short product\'s short length, don\'t complain about it here. That\'s YOUR computer\'s fault, not the cable. On that note, you generally have three (2 hardware, 1 software) solutions for these latency issues/audio glitches: 1: Upgrade to a processor with more threads (Possibly expensive) 2: Get a better audio card and/or an external audio interface (Definitely expensive) 3: Reduce your sample buffer rate. (Note that this only fixes audio glitches. It CREATES a lag time between key input - response by allowing your computer more time to process the audio correctly.)  Edit: I didn\'t feel this was necessary to mention at first, but perhaps it will help anyone who is starting out with MIDI. If you haven\'t already, I recommend downloading the ASIO4ALL driver. This is more of a requirement than a suggestion. If you haven\'t done so, are working with whatever default driver is on your computer, and experience lag/inconsistent rhythm, this is most likely the fix for you.  The sample rate option\'s latency issue is resolved by option 1 (Processor upgrade). It should also be noted that the aforementioned audio "glitch" does not occur during the MIDI data transfer. It happens after it. Simply hearing any form of audio from your computer means the cable successfully sent it, regardless of quality.  To sum it up--once again--MIDI cables either work or don\'t. There is no real difference in "performance". You\'re transferring concrete digital data. This isn\'t actual audio. If you intend to spend more money on wiring, they should go towards good quality audio cables, not MIDI.  Are these cables worth buying? You get what you pay for. These cables don\'t have fancy plating/shielding for more accurate data transfer. They don\'t claim to reduce external electrical/radio interference. They\'re not a major name brand. Also, if you\'ve been paying attention, none of that actually matters. Catch my drift?  Please excuse the long explanation, but I felt it was necessary based on some of the reviews I saw when first looking at this product. I pray this information comforts every potential buyer who reads this and saves you a good chunk of cash.', "I already owned a Hohner Instructor 32 and Performer 37, but when I saw the price for the Hurricane Harps S32 I just couldn't pass up the deal. Now that I have it, I'm beginning to wonder whether most of these melodicas are made in the same factories and are simply branded differently. This one is nearly identical to the Hohner Instructor 32. The plastic molding is clearly the same, literally identical. The main differences between the Hohner and this one are the finishing touches, the mouthpieces, and the cases. The Hurricane Harps S32 doesn't have quite the high-gloss sheen of the Hohner, you can still see faint swirl marks from where the Hurricane Harps melodica was buffed after casting whereas the Hohner is completely polished and shiny. The handles on both melodicas are identical in pattern and material but the Hurricane Harps' handle is white and the Hohner's is black. The mouthpieces that came with the Hurricane are a straight one and a tube with a straight end, while the Hohner has more of a goose neck mouthpiece and the tube has a 90 degree elbow at the bottom to reduce the amount of bending required when playing on a tabletop. The Hohner's case/bag is made of nicer fabric but the Hurricane Harps case has metal buckles and clips (plastic on the Hohner). Both melodicas sound pretty much the same, though the Hohner has slightly better reed response on the highest couple of notes. The price difference between this and the Hohner seems to pay for cosmetic features more than functional ones.  One or two other reviews here stated that this melodica doesn't have a spit valve, which is simply not true. This melodica has a spit valve on the bottom just like all melodicas, you don't have to take out the screws and open the thing up just to let the moisture out.  This is a fine melodica and for a great price. You really can't go wrong with this one!", "This is a great stand for those who need to grab all of the instruments at their disposal.  I am able to load this thing up with a Gibson Les Paul Standard, a Bishline Walnut Banjo, 2 acoustics, a Music Man Sting Ray, and a Music Man Sterling bass.  The first things I thought of when this stand caught my attention were will it hold the instruments securely, will it hold the weight of my instruments, how much area does it cover and will it fall over.  I have just shy of $10K worth of instruments hanging on this thing so it's important that I can trust this stand to hold the instruments securely.  It definitely holds the instruments securely.  It uses a system by which the weight of the instrument engages the grabbing auto-grip and lifting the instrument up disengages the auto-grip.  It's really pretty ingenious in its simplicity.  Also, this tree has no problem holding the weight of my instruments.  Even with an uneven weight distribution, the stability of the stand is unquestionable.  I have a Bishline walnut banjo (heavy!) and a Gibson Les Paul (heavy) along with an acoutic (light) on the second level and it holds them no problem.  On the bottom level, I have a StingRay bass (heavy!), a Sterling bass (medium) and another acoustic (light).  I'm not sure of the total weight but I would guess somewhere close to 60lbs. worth of instruments.  The stand will take up approximately 4.5 square feet of floor space.  It's approximately 3 feet from the tip of one foot to the next foot(3ftx3ft from leg to leg/2 for the triangle configuration of the feet=4.5sq ft).  I've pushed on the trunk (side to side and down) with a single guitar on it and with it loaded up to see if there is any chance it will fall and short of someone literally running into the stand, it won't be knocked over.  The way I have the stand set, the top is right around the 6-foot mark.  This is customizable.  The thing that's also great about this stand is the vertical configuration.  It can save you some space over the conventional rectangular floor multi-stand.  Another plus is the heights of the grips and supports are totally customizable, so if you're using basses, guitars, and banjos it will accommodate them all.  The two levels of grips and rests can be adjusted independently.  Plus if you know music stands, the Hercules brand is about as good as they get.  And the price on these things is less than most 3-guitar floor-type stands.  Amazing.", 'Let me start this by saying that the bad reviews need to be read from a very skeptical viewpoint.  It sounds like most of the bad reviews were written by people who had purchased this for a mic that needs a different type of cable, or who don\'t understand the wiring of this cable and it\'s intended function.  With only one exception, this cable is NOT designed for a stereo camera.  That exception being a stereo microphone that uses a male 3-pin XLR jack to output an unbalanced, stereo feed across pins 2 and 3 (with pin 1 being ground).  Excepting that very rare microphone type, this should not be used for a stereo camera.  This cable is a BALANCED cable.  It is designed for Balanced XLR microphones (pretty much any professional microphone) to connect to a camera or device that uses a BALANCED 1/8" TRS microphone input jack.  It is wired Pin 1 to Sleeve, Pin 2 to tip, and Pin 3 to Ring.  Again, it should not be used for anything with a stereo input on a 1/8" TRS jack.  For those people wanting to use a professional XLR microphone with a stereo camcorder, you need to search for a mono XLR to Stereo 1/8" TRS cable.  I have one, that I purchased from Amazon and it works very well for my stereo cameras.  This is not that cable.  Now, that said, Here\'s my review... It does what it is supposed to do.  I don\'t really know what else to say.  I purchased this to use with my T2i running Magic lantern that allows the use of balanced mics on the external input.  When I run my T2i with the mic jack as a stereo input, I have to use my other adapter or my stereo microphone with it\'s own cable.  The wiring seems fine, though a little on the fragile side.  With normal home/amateur use, this will work fine.  For professional use, you probably won\'t be using any cameras with an 1/8" jack anyway.  If it used a bit heavier cable and a Neutrik connector, I would give it 5 stars, but then it would cost a lot more.  For what it is, it\'s actually just fine.  I guess my only real complaint is that it looks identical to my XLR to stereo 1/8" TRS cable, so I had to use a sharpie to mark this one as being balanced and mark my other one as being stereo.  Not a big deal, but something to keep in mind if you get multiple Hosa adapters.  Edit to add:  here is the link to the stereo cable that most people should get... HOSA XLR (F) - 3.5mm Tip/Ring/Sleeve, (wired for dual mono), 1 ft. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000068NZC/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00', 'I use a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sony-ICD-AX412-Digital-Flash-Memory-Voice-Recorder/dp/B004M8STL8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sony ICD-AX412 Digital Flash Memory Voice Recorder</a>&nbsp;to take notes and voice memos. An external clip-on mic helps reduce the background noise and increase the clarity of the speaker.  I had been searching Amazon for quite some time looking for an inexpensive, high quality lavalier (lapel) microphone. These mikes, when purchased in a five-pack, are about $1.75 each. I thought maybe a mike in the $10-20 range would be a better choice. But I had difficulty finding one worth buying. Now I know why: these work great.  I compared this head to head with an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Audio-Technica-ATR-3350-Lavalier-Omnidirectional-Condenser-Microphone/dp/B002HJ9PTO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Audio-Technica ATR-3350 Lavalier Omnidirectional Condenser Microphone</a>&nbsp;that costs about $20-25. The ATR does sound better: there is less background noise. And the bottom end is nicer (better bass).  The ATR does look better, too. Its mic capsule is metal instead of plastic and much, much smaller. The cord is a more rugged. And the tie clip is much sturdier.  I purchased this mic on Amazon from BestDealUSA. They are one of two suppliers that sell these mics in multi-packs. You can buy the mics individually or in packs of two, three or five. If you buy five at once, it works out to $1.75 per mic.  Yes, the ATR sounds better and looks better. But it\'s over ten times the price! For voice recording, computer applications, and so on, these mics are great. Cheap but good sound.  The Neewer mics have a stereo plug on them that not only drive both the left and right channels in a stereo recorder without an adapter (as a mono source, of course), but also adhere to the plug-in power specification for microphones. That\'s absolutely necessary when using an electret mic with a Sony brand recorder.  If you need studio quality sound, look for something else. But these mics offer really good sound for the money. Five stars for the value.', 'I have been testing a lot of pickups lately including 3 Dimarzio Virtual Vintage, Fender Vintage Noiseless, Seymour Duncan Quarter Pounder, Fender RI 54 fiber bobbin, stock American Standard and other humbuckers. I end up with this cheap MIM pups and cannot be happier. I only use the neck and middle since I use the Gibson P94 in the bridge already. I don\'t know how good is the bridge.  One thing to watch out. You have to use 250K pot. It will sound bright with 500K pot. It is not muddy at all. Also I found the D and G string too loud. But this is an easy fix. I just push the two magnet down a little and solve the problem. This set use the same plastic bobbin like the American Standard where the magnet can be push up and down. If you have the fiber bobbin like the so called "Vintage" ones, you are out of luck if the sound is not balance. All you can do is to lower the pup and the signal get too weak.  It is surprisingly good sounding pup. I choose it not because of the price, more like in spike of the price. Now my American Strat has Mexican pickup!!!', 'This is the second identical mixer I bought. First one was bought about a year ago and still running in good condition. This mixer can easily handle day-to-day use with no issue. The only feedback I get from users is that they would rather have the connection at the back on the mixer instead on top. However, if you have a tight space, input/output on the top of the mixer is perfect.  Update (10/20/2014) Now I ran into issue like some of the reviewers (digital signal processor is overloading) on my newer unit. Old one still works fine and no issue. It seems like the units manufacturing from a certain time has similar issue. if you run into the same issue, contact Behringer customer support for repair. They are very prompt (compared to a lot other non-Amazon services) and took time responding via Email with detailed instruction.  Just got my repaired queued in and will update in future if necessary.  Update (06/15/2015) Since I made the repair last year, the digital signal processor is overloading issue has been gone. Have to give credit to the customer rep. They are very patient and walk throught the repair process step by step. The only down side is there is no repaire shop close by so I have to make the mixer back to their repair shop and use my old mixer for about a week. However, it worth it. If you ever have the same issue, definitely contact the manufacturing team and get it fixed.', 'Let me start by saying I have been playing guitar off and on for over 40 years. During that time I have owned, Guild D40 acoustic, Fender Strat, Ibenez hollow body electric jazz guitar, Guild Bluesbird Electric, Washburn Classical and a Gibson ES335. I am not here to tell you this guitar is equal to or better than those but I am going to say that for the price this is an excellent guitar. Fit, finish, sound and playability is really impressive at this price point.  In a way I am sad to be so happy with this guitar, labor cost is so low in China that they flood our market with products that are, at least on the surface, very high quality. This global free market has helped to enrich the lives of people in China and Mexico while at the same time eliminated jobs for Americans. Fender makes guitars in Mexico and profits from the cheap labor, Gibson makes it\'s Epiphone guitars in Asia and also profits from the cheap labor. So my pleasure with this instrument is tempered by that fact.  But back to the guitar. I am shocked that it made it to my home in New Jersey in one piece. The guitar box was in an Amazon box twice it\'s size and with nothing but a small amount of brown paper that did little to cushion it. The box from China had little real packing but in spite of that it arrived in excellent condition.  When the guitar arrived I allowed it to come up to room temperature before I even touched it, this guitar is a world traveler, from China, to Texas, to Kentucky and finally New Jersey where the temperature was around 19 when UPS dropped it off.  Once the guitar had warmed up I inspected it, it is a lovely piece, wood is beautiful and blemish free. There is a scarf joint in the neck, not at all unusual in import guitars. Some hate it, some say it\'s better that way, I have no informed opinion and it is barely noticeable without close inspection.  I tuned the guitar and noted that the action was high at upper registers. I used the included allen wrench  to tighten down on the truss rod. The first three 1/4 turns had little resistance which indicated to me the bar was under no stress, after a couple more turns the resistance was there and the neck came into adjustment quickly. After a few days I will probably need to do it again when the guitar settles into the temperature and humidity of my house.  Once the neck was adjusted I again tuned it and it is a pleasure to play, great action, no buzzing and the intonation at the 12th fret was spot on.  The built in tuner is accurate when checked against my other tuner and the electronics all seem fine, no feed back.  The guitar is roughly the size of a Gibson Les Paul and is quite heavy. The 1 7/8" nut is the same as my Washburn Classical but the neck is thinner similar to an electric guitar.  Bottom line, this is a really nice guitar that sounds great through my Vox VT20+, it is so much fun to play I can\'t put it down.', "I am still considering myself a beginner with the guitar.  I have learned a few songs, but I still am not that good enough to spend a huge amount of money on a guitar.  I wanted something that would sound nice and still be relatively cheap.  I had the Dean Electric Guitars in the past and a Fender Acoustic a while ago.  The Fender and the Dean's were very nice.  I thought the Dean's had a very nice sound to them and so did the Fender.  This guitar has a very nice sound to it as well.  I couldn't figure out the different tunings on it though.  It said Rhythm and Treble and then just regular in the middle.  I kept it on the regular because it sounded normal.  The other one's must be for some special type of music.  But this guitar sounded just as good if not better than the Dean's.  It is also very easy to hold unlike the Dean's I have found.  The Dean's also had warped necks which made some notes not playable and I have not found one on this guitar which is a plus.  But this is a very nice beginner's guitar if your just looking to get started.  I would stay away from those Fender knockoff's and stuff like that and get this guitar.  I also got the cheap Rogue amp to use with it and it sounds great, plenty loud enough if not too loud sometimes.  All in all, a very nice bargain.", "This is a pretty dope little sampler - controller. It is a great compliment to the Z2, S4, Audio 8, X1, F1, or any NI hardware - software combo . The latency can be adjusted to your needs which is great if you are processing multiple programs at the same time. The lights on this controller really bring it back to life from that boring orange that NI installed on the previous model. You  can sample in and sample out with this controller. The only difference between this micro and the regular Maschine is the midi in out on the back panel and the dual screen combo which isn't included on this controller. On screen navigation could use a little work. There needs to be directional arrows other than just right and left. Up and Down would be nice. I'm sure NI has the next 5 mixers ready to ship after this one has been played by the Traktor crew. Jeremy Ellis is a beast on the Maschine and he proves it in his latest demo video at the Native Instruments web page. Lets break the machine down from a DJ - Hip Hop artist point of view. Facts about the NI Maschine Mirco Mk2 1. Maschine micro has 16 touch sensitive velocity pads 2. Maschine is only a controller and has no built in sound 3. Machine cannot be used as a stand alone sampler which means it has no in or out or Aux jack, that created a huge problem form me 4. Machine has to be bundled with a number of other expensive software programs to actually unleash its full potential 5. If I see another company josh Technics idea of calling it the Mk2 I'm going to puke (Technics is dead R.I.P.) give it up and move on to Stanton or some other high end deck already) lol 6. Maschine Micro Mk2 is only Native Instruments sample controller, there are several controllers for Ableton live by Akai, M Audio and a few others I gave Maschine Micro Mk2 a solid 4 stars for the overall quality and nice clean look. The sounds included are not bad I just wish NI would loosen up and give better deals on the virtual instrument plug ins", 'I\'ve been using this model of instrument mount on my sax for close to twenty years, if not longer.  It has a lot going for it.  It is adequately flexible.  It holds the mic element securely in the included windscreen.  The clip is strong and will not mar the surface of whatever you clip it to (like a sax bell).  It fits the Audio Technica ATM 35 or AT 35 Pro series of microphones.  It also comes included with the Samson Airline wind instrument mic, which is what I use now.  I love the microphone, so this is the mount for the job.  The only issue I have with the Unimount, is that it does wear out with use.  Over time, the stress points will weaken, loosen, and eventually break.  Now to be fair, I am a full-time musician and play in rock bands.  I am not easy on equipment...so it\'s only natural that stuff wears out, eventually.  If I had to guess, I\'d say I get about five years of frequent use out of one mount.  I\'m not sure if that\'s "good" or "bad"...but fortunately, they are still available and easy to replace.  More casual (or careful) musicians might get many more years out of one Unimount.', 'I wasn\'t sure about this preamp initially. I give it a 5/5 for what it is, not to imply that it is one of the best out there.  Pros (for me) - Good sound - Good headroom - Low distortion - Low noise - DI is good for bass and electric guitar - Balanced in/out - Useful VU meter - Useful send/return - Headphone monitoring - Notched Gain + Linear trim  Cons (for me) - Big and ugly - The space is spent on all-in-one kind of stuff. If you just want the preamp, get the 2 channel 1U rack. - I wish they made this unit in a full 1U rack unit with all the same inputs/outputs - No TRS output. XLR output only  I use it for vocals, acoustic guitar, and electric bass. It handles everything very well. No complaints on pre-amp performance.  This design may be useful to put in a sound booth if the performer wants to monitor themselves and the cue mix from the engineer. In a big studio they\'re likely to have all that hardware in the monitoring room, but for smaller studios and home studios, this could be a useful tool. For the monitoring room it\'s a big box that gets in the way. I\'d much rather have a 1 or 2 channel full 1U rack version of this, but I do appreciate it as a standalone box for practicing DI instruments or testing mics.  This is a step up from my other cheaper preamps. If you are on the SM7 bandwagon, then yes, it is powerful and clean enough for that mic. But don\'t think that "clean" means there is no amp his at all. At 50db Gain I measure an average (across the freq spectrum) noise level of -100dB RMS in my DAW. This is quite good.  Make sure you use balanced inputs. You\'ll need a female XLR to male TRS to put the output of the preamp into the line input of your A/D converter. You can go straight XLR to your mic input, but you may get different sounds and distortion levels. Use line input if you can and make sure to adjust the gain on your input device to unity gain (different for every device and every pot).', 'I bought my first pair of these AKGs sometime from 1975 to 1978, and loved them.  Used them for about 15 years until they were damaged in a mishap.  I\'ve had other \'phones since then, most notably the Nakamichi SP-7, but none I liked as much as that old pair from the past.  So when I saw that they were either still - or once again - available (and on sale) I had to get a pair especially since I\'m using headphones a lot lately.  I just had to know whether they were as good as I recalled.  They are better.  Improved, I guess.  They still look, feel and fit the same - and that\'s a good thing.  The bass is deep and well-defined, not artificially boosted but can thump with the best when a thump is on the recording(Gov\'t Mule\'s "Lay Your Burden Down").  Highs are clean and well-extended - certainly they go higher than my 10khz cutoff hearing - younger folks who\'ve passed through like the highs.  Mids sound good, with virtually none of the congestion you can get with lesser \'phones or speakers.  As the mids become more complex due to multiple instruments, its easy to follow just one (for instance cello in several quartets I sampled).  Dynamics are great, as heard in Glenn Miller Orchestra, "In the Digital Mood,"  "Chattanooga Choo Choo" track, and the Tchaikovsky "1812 Overture" in this case on Telarc.  With movies, explosions can be startling.  In addition to sound quality, these headphones are also superlative in other ways.  One is the way they fit.  Yes, they are pretty large, but the large cups fit around the ear and press against the skull, which reduces ear soreness to virtually none.  The gimbal construction, which auto adjusts when simply put on the head has always been a strong point of this headphone.  I can wear them for hours with no ear soreness.  Also, fit and finish is excellent - AKG have obviously kept QC standards up despite having these made now in China.  Connections are first-rate, and the cable enters at the Left earcup as the good Lord intended.  I love the compactness and fit of the screw-on 1/4" plug (an adaptor that fits over the 1/8" - 3.5mm - plug).  The one area in which the headphone does not excel is isolation, but that is to be expected with an open (they call it semi-open) type cup construction.  On the other hand, it is extremely difficult to attain this level of sonic excellence in a closed-back design.  I\'ve heard none, if they exist, but even if there is one I\'m sure it would be much more pricey.  Generally, one just expects to give up the "airy" sound of an open design with a closed headphone, so it depends on the importance of isolation to the listener.  I have a pair of closed-backs to use when needed, but most of the time I\'ll be using these.  I\'m not saying these are perfect, but they are as close as I\'ll get, since I certainly won\'t spend more than a c-note on headphones - it just wouldn\'t be prudent.  I pushed my own limits to get these at just less than seventy bucks, and I\'m darned glad that I did.  My opinion then is obvious - best at the price, and better than many to which I\'ve listened in the past that were much more expensive.', 'Buy the red and black Mini KP to run your sounds THROUGH. If you want the one to make sounds WITH, you buy the yellow "Kaossilator". That\'s the short of it.  I have both and both are good for different reasons.   The yellow Kaossilator is for making phrases. In otherwords in an electronic synthesizer and phrase machine. It also has a beat maker in it and you can modify, record and layer the sounds any way you\'d like. The yellow Kaossilator is pretty much a "One-Man-Band" device! Very powerful and I would not consider it just a toy IMO. People can write entire music albums with that one device.   Now for the Mini KP Kaos Pad. I Bought this through Amazon for $109 SHIPPED at the time so shop around and you could get lucky. It came the business day after Christmas and I had ordered it a day or two before so the free shipping was amazingly fast and awesome!  The Mini KP is for modifying existing sounds. Yes, it does have a few synthesizer like sounds in it (I believe about 10 or twenty) but the other 80 channels are for running sound "through" to modify those sounds when you press the pad. It won\'t play any sounds you run through it on the RCA input to output unless you press the pad and let the sounds through. When you move your finger around on the pad the sounds are modified according to that effect parameter, as shown in the manual. (pitch, frequency etc etc etc the list goes on and on)  So you can\'t really use the MiniKP as a stand alone one man band device like the Kaossilator. It is more along the lines to modify sounds than create them, although it does have a very very small slice of some built in sound effects that are pretty cool on their own like one I relate to sounding like " evil harsh wind" that you control the depth and pitch of. Much unlike the Synth like qualities of the Kaossilator.  As you can see they go hand in hand nicely. I\'d even recommend hooking the MiniKP up to a Bliptironic 5000 and using the kaossilator separately and you have some crazy meditative grooves to be made! See my other reviews for the Bliptronic 5000.  I hook all these little instruments up to my 5 channel dj effects mixer and get jiggy with it. I also hook the miniKP up to my bass guitar sometimes for some funk! Have fun with it folks! You know you need them both!', 'Like many others I dismissed the Behringer patchbay because it was tooooo cheap, how could it possibly be anygood?  A BIT OF HISTORY: Back in the 90\'s I bought some of the Neutrik TRS patchbays, back then they worked pretty well but over the years the newer versions of the Neutriks have different jacks in them that are difficult to plug in and the normal connections have gotten flakey. Besides the jacks getting cheaper and cheaper in the Neutrik units the metal work has changed from year to year, now the face plate is held on with two little screws that barely engage the metal and if you lose one the whole thing becomes a flimsy mess.  So I looked for a replacement and almost passed on the Behringer units again because of the low low price. I\'m an electrical design engineer by trade and build a lot of my own gadgets. There are 96 1/4" TRS jacks on one of these patchbays, $50/96= just $.52-cents per jack (not including metal work, packaging or labor), how could they possibly be any good?  Then I found a review online from someone who had been using the Behringer units for years without problems. He stated that the key to using them was to support the cables so they don\'t put a strain on the jacks. Recently we were putting a broadcast studio together and needed some patch capability so we decided to try one of the Behringer units. It was sort of a joke at first, everyone expected these units to be crap. Instead, we found a product that works fantastic, is super easy to configure (due to the 3-pos switches) and the jacks are like buttered toast, no more fighting to get the cable in or out. TRS plugs glide in and out smoothly, easily and most important of all, reliably!  I measured the impedance from input to output of one channel (passing thru the normal connection path) using a Fluke DVM and found less than one-ohm of series resistance, this speaks pretty well for the normalled connection not degrading your audio sonically. On some old "mil spec" patchbays I\'ve measured as much as 10 ohms thru the normal path, that\'s what happens when the contacts get dirty. On one of our Neutirks that was going flakey I measured 39 ohms in series, that\'s enough to seriously upset the CMRR of a balanced line which can be a big source of noise.  We now have four of the PX3000 installed and no issues with a single connection. I\'ve used them in all three modes (normalled, unnormalled and half normalled) and they are in use every day. We don\'t do a ton of patching on them (the normal connections run our studio) but when we need to insert something or do a quick reroute these tools get the job done reliably.  Each channel of the PX3000 is built on its own little circuit board (I had to look inside) which slides into the metal frame. You never have to access these little boards to configure the patchbay (like on Neutrik, DBX, and others) but the little boards do have a very tiny amount of give in the chassis, this is what makes it feel a bit "unsolid" to some folks. It\'s not a flaw, it\'s just the way they are built and so far it has not affected my installation one bit. Several of my Neutrik patchbays act the same way (channel boards moving slightly when you insert or remove a cable).  I\'m very happy with these and ordering a few more before they raise the price.  REVIEW UPDATE: MARCH 2013  We\'re up to eight of these in our broadcast rig with zero problems, just ordered our 9th one. I make most of my cables myself using Canare and Mogami wire with Switchcraft plugs and have zero noise problems. I always clean my plugs with Deoxit prior to plugging them in for long use. I\'ve know many people who just assume their connectors are clean, most have oil on them from manufacturing that can cause interference and distortion. Good music to everyone!', 'This is an excellent soft-sided, padded case made specifically for the Casio Privia (88-key) line of keyboards. My PX-350M fits into the case like a hand in a custom-made glove. I found the materials and findings (zippers, ring attachments, fasteners, strap), as well as the construction of the case itself to be of the highest quality. There is a modest amount of padding which will protect the keyboard and its controls from minor jostling/bumping/scraping during storage or transport, but nothing which offers protection from being dropped, manhandled, or major accidents or carelessness. (Think "guitar in a softsided gig bag.")  The bag can be easily folded into a tidy square parcel when not in use. It actually comes shipped that way. The simplest method to put the keyboard in the bag is just to put the open bag on a solid surface--floor, counter, furniture, etc.,--and place the keyboard inside. You can then adjust the sides around the case and zip the bag closed. Not rocket science, and not difficult.  There are two zippered pockets in the "lid" of the case, each almost as wide as, and fully a third of the length of the bag itself. They are plenty large enough for a pedal, the keyboard cords, a goodly amount of music, etc. Very useful and well thought out. Don\'t expect them to hold tons of stuff. They are flat, non-gusseted pockets, there for convenience, not to be jammed full to bursting.  Storing the music stand for the keyboard can be a little problematic. I do not travel with my keyboard, but do store it from time to time when I need the additional space in the spare bedroom for actual house guests. I usually store the music stand separately on a closet shelf, but I think there\'s enough room in the case to put a layer of bubble wrap, a towel, or something similar, across the keys and controls and slide the stand in without fear of damaging it or the keyboard.  I purchased a Gator dustcover for my keyboard and store the Casio, covered, in the case. It\'s just another layer of protection for my piano. Great dust cover by the way. I reviewed it, if you\'re interested.  Price-wise I\'m happy with the value from Amazon. It\'s the lowest I\'ve found for an item I feel is a must have accessory, even if like me, you\'re only using the case for occasional household storage when the "music room" must become a bedroom.']
["My dog loves these latex grunting hippo's (I ordered the two pack) and because they grunt, not squeak, they last longer than other toys. If a toy squeaks his focus is on getting that squeaker out, but with this grunting toy, he seems to enjoy the noise and has not tried to chew it out. The first latex toy I purchased was the pig at Walmart for Christmas (sold here on Amazon as well). The body of the pig is hollow and that allows the noise maker to be more accessible to the dogs teeth. The hippo's are stuffed with synthetic material and hold the noise maker firmly in place. It makes the same grunting noise as the pig. The Walmart pig's noise maker is beginning to tear lose. I believe the hippo will last longer because of the filling. My dog loves it as much or more than the pig. My dog is 42 lbs.  UPDATE: (03-15-2018)I had hoped these hippo's would last longer because of the stuffing holding the noisemaker in place. WRONG! I ordered the two pack. The noise maker in the second one came lose within minutes and he wasn't even trying to get the squeaker out. It was not attached securely. The first one I gave him is still grunting. I hope it continues to stay together.", 'I have 1/4" TRS cable going into the input. I have XLR coming out of the output. Both -20 decibel attenuation switches are absolutely in the off position.  The volume level is lowered by a lot with this thing. Too much, in my opinion.  If I go straight into my powered speaker from the music source without this box connected, the sound level is much louder.  Yes, I detect less noise, if you will, when the box is utilized...but perhaps that is just because the box naturally drops the volume level as the signal is passing through it.  And again, the two attenuation switches are off. This box has the capability to attenuate the signal either -20 or -40 decibels by either pressing in one or two of the attenuation switches.  I doubt the box is defective. I think it was just designed to lower the decibel level automatically by default. Now, I guess if you have a powered speaker with enough headroom to make up for the volume drop, and if you do not mind running your speaker\'s volume knob much higher than normal, this natural volume drop via the box might not be an issue for you.  For example: Without the box I get great loudness from my powered speaker with its volume knob at its eleven o\'clock position. With the box connected I have to turn the speaker\'s volume dial closer to the 3 o\'clock position to get the same volume level. (Its maximum position is 5 o\'clock, just for reference). This is way-too-big of a decrease of the sound level with this box connected.  I also find the clarity of the sound a bit muddied when going through this box. And it is to a point where as a DJ this would be unacceptable...and that means I cannot use this box.  The only positive thing I found with the box is that it did successfully eliminate the ground hum when I tested that feature specifically.', "For about $30...it's the cheapest way to attach a sound source to your PC via USB.  You can connect your old stereo reciever, audio mixer etc. to your laptop. You can now transfer music from your casette tapes or phono records to mp3's.  Connect a mixer and you can turn your PC into a Karaoke machine.  It doesn't need special drivers and is powered by your PC thru USB.  Built-in sound card won't take your breath away but tell me if you can find a decent audio interface for 30 bucks!  For it's intended purpose, it does it's job very well.  If you go to Behringer's website, you can find a bunch of free software you can download.  Behringer compiled some of the free software available to anyone on the net and put them in one place for our convenience.  Although I use the apps that I already have.  Overall, it is a good tool to have.  For it's price point, we expect a few limitations such as not having a lot of inputs/outputs, no master volume control, etc, etc.  We get that.  But if you just want to connect your audio source to your computer, and don't want to spend a lot......get this!  If you can spend a little more....like $30 more, I would buy the Behringer Xenyx Q502USB mixer.  It will do a lot more for less than the price of a decent audio interface card.", "I really like these Blues DeVille harmonicas. Most of the time, they sell for under $30. They sound fantastic.. loud gritty tone. They are airtight. I had no problems playing any of the notes, including the #2 and #3 draw notes, which are tough to play on some harps.  These are heavier than some harmonicas, which some folks might mind, but I like the feel. These seem extra durable.  These have cover plates with a matte finish, which will definitely feel different from the cover plates on most harmonicas. The finish is a little rougher on the lips than the usual cover plates you will find on most harps. The matte finish cover plates are less smooth. This is not a deal breaker for me, just bugs me a bit sometimes.  These have a great resonance to them.. hard to explain what I mean by that.. while playing, they resonate, or vibrate more in my hand. This feels cool. Good sustain too. When I play a note and take my hand away, it's almost like I can still hear the note a bit, and can definitely feel the harmonica resonating more than most.  The Blues DeVille has phosphor bronze reeds, which supposedly last longer than brass reeds found in harmonicas made by Hohner and Lee Oskar. Phosphor bronze provides a different tone than brass, which you may or may not like.  I am not aware of any replacement reed plates being available for this harmonica. Some other brands, such as Lee Oskar and Bushman, sell replacement reed plates for their harps. Hopefully, the phosphor bronze reeds in this harmonica will last a long time.  This harp is a little wider than the Hohners and lots wider than the Lee Oskars (which are too narrow, in my opinion), but not so wide that switching back and forth between the BD and other brands will be difficult.  The plastic comb is fairly comfortable while tongue-blocking, though not quite as comfortable as the comb on the Hohner Special 20.  You might be wondering how the Blues DeVille compares to the Hohner Blues Harp..  BH has a thick wooden comb that is really really rough on the tongue when tongue blocking. Also, Blues Harps tend to require more air. They are not air tight. The BD is airtight. Blues Harps, unlike the Blues DeVille, do not have side vents, and are therefore quieter. Blues Harps have brass reeds.  Both the BD and BH have reed plates that stick out past the comb. Both have reed plates that are sharp at the edges, so you'll have to be careful playing the lowest and highest notes.  I've found the reed plates of the BD to be more comfortable and easier on the lips than the reed plates on the Blues Harps. However, the Blues Harp cover plates are more comfortable than the BD cover plates.  I find the Blues DeVille to be far superior to the Blues Harp.  But.. I've owned four Blues DeVilles, and three of them arrived with cases that were almost impossible to open, and therefore useless. Not cool, Fender!  Also, I bought a Blues DeVille in the key of C. The first one I got shipped was defective. The #10 draw note was quite noticeably flat. I sent that one back. The second one in C was great. Key of A, and key of G both great, but only the one in the key of A came with a functional case.  If it weren't for the case, I'd give this harmonica 5 stars. This one and the Hohner Special 20 (which is quite different from the Blues DeVille) are my two favorites.  How are this one and the SP20 different?  SP20 has smooth, comfortable reed plates. That harmonica also has a comb that sticks out further than the reed plates for extra comfort and no sharp edges on the ends of the harmonica. The SP20 comb feels a bit better (but only a bit) when tongue-blocking. It is a tiny bit easier to play single notes on the SP20. It is a lot lighter, but probably less durable. The SP20 has no side vents, and is therefore quieter. That harmonica also has a cleaner tone than the Fender Blues DeVille. I've found the SP20's to be a bit less airtight than the Blues DeVille. SP20's have brass reeds, which might wear out quicker than the BD's reeds. The SP20's I've bought all came with cases that work as they should, in other words, the cases open and close properly.  So why do I play a BD as much as an SP20? I love the tone and feel (with the exception of the matte finish) of the Blues DeVille. Actually, most of the time, the matte finish doesn't bother me at all, and is an interesting change. I like having some variety. Since these harps look, feel, and most importantly sound different from each other, variety is what I get, by owning both.", "I can't say enough wonderful tings about this banjo. I own this and also a Deering Eagle II that cost more than five times as much, and I have owned cheap imports as well. This Goodtime is closer to the Eagle II in terms of sound and playability than it is to the cheap imports. In other words, it plays well above its class. The sound is surprisingly bright and loud for an open-back, and the low action and light-gauge strings make it very easy to play. Deering clearly gives the Goodtime a lot of the quality workmanship that goes into their professional-caliber banjos, but keep the cost affordable by minimizing the frills. For example, the Goodtime has 1/3 fewer brackets than a typical banjo. It has no separate fretboard (the neck is the fingering surface), the wood is unstained, it uses guitar tuners rather than planetary tuners, the tension hoop is not plated, and it has no side fret markers, no tone ring, no armrest, and of course no resonator (various other Goodtime models are available that are stained and have planetary tuners and/or have a resonator and/or a steel tone ring, at commensurately higher prices). But the truth is that none of that really matters much for the purposes of any beginner or intermediate banjo student, and even for pretty much anyone who is just playing recreationally. All that matters is that it sounds and plays great, and it does! In fact, this entry-level Goodtime has some advantages over expensive professional-grade models. It's extremely light, weighing in at a mere 4 pounds (thanks in part to its minimal hardware and lack of any tone ring), making it easy to carry and easy to hold, even for a child or an adult with a bad back. This is a banjo you don't mind bringing with you camping or to the beach, unlike a heavy expensive one. The smooth satin finish allows your hand to glide easily up and down the neck, whereas the heavy gloss finish on expensive banjos can create more friction and feel draggier. And the Goodtime's guitar tuners are actually more precise than the planetary tuners on my Eagle II. Deering does sell a separate add-on armrest for the Goodtime banjo, if you really must have one (standard armrests won't fit because of the very wide bracket spacing). I bought it, and it was easy to install. Deering also sells a resonator kit if you later decide you want to upgrade from open-back to resonator (if you're reasonably sure you're going to eventually want a resonator, it probably makes more sense to just get the resonator model from the outset rather than add a resonator later--and you can always opt to just take the resonator off. But it's simply nice to know that you do also have the option of adding a resonator later--you're not necessarily committing to an open-back by buying this model. When I bought my open-back Goodtime and finally had a truly well-made, quality, nice sounding, playable banjo in my hands for the first time, I just wanted to play it all the time. I found it to be a real joy compared to the inferior imported banjos I had struggled with in the past. In fact, I loved it so much that I decided right away that I just had to have one of the upper-line Deerings and bought my Eagle II (I pretty much fell in love with this company and its products!). But that was just to satisfy my enthusiasm--the truth is, this simple open-back Goodtime would have been plenty sufficient for all my present and future purposes. If you're going to be playing in a band or in large open venues, you may want to spend a little more for one of the Goodtime models that have a resonator (Goodtime Two) or a tone ring (Goodtime Special Open-Back) or both (Goodtime Special). But whichever Goodtime you choose, it is an outstanding banjo for a beginner and it's still pretty outstanding for any banjo player of any skill level, short of a professional!", "Note that this instrument will need a basic set-up out of the box: intonation, action, and perhaps a truss rod tweak. However, it is a solid wood guitar with a really fast, comfortable neck. The stock humbuckers are very serviceable. It has a pretty standard tremelo unit that is fine if you are not into dive-bombing the whammy bar. The tuning machines are just OK, but easy and cheap to replace. The guitar is nice looking - I can't tell if the top is a photo or real flame, but it's pretty anyway. Good deferentiation with the 3-way toggle, and some nice tones from the pickups.  This is not a Gibson Les Paul, but it's not $3000.00 either. For the money, this is a fine little guitar. Mine arrived with the shaft for the 3-way toggle switch broken off, but it took me all of 30 minutes to fix that. The action needed adjustment, but the intonation was good - another few minutes of tweaking got the action where I liked it without any string buzz. The frets are fairly well dressed and polished, and appear to be evenly set. So I am very happy with my purchase.  One possible note of caution: Chinese-made, low end instruments are notorious for inconsistent quality control. You might get a great one, or you might get a crummy one. Don't take a chance on these guitars unless you are skilled enough to examine them properly and do any work necessary.", "Love the Texas Heat. It does cleans well and a nice hint of midrange comes through with overdrive. The speaker is somewhat neutral. It will pretty much do what you want it to do. If you scoop the mids on your tone controls the TH handles that well. Push the mids and it hangs with the program well. Highs are nice without being piercing. The highs settled down somewhat once you get a couple hours playing time through the speaker too. Bottom end is solid and tight. I've never been disappointed with either a closed back or open back install. I've put these in so many cabs, amps etc. Currently I have a 4x12 loaded with them and I replaced the speaker in my Peavey Vypyr 75 with one. The Vypyr was a total experiment. Since it's a modeling amp it needs to recreate many different tones. The TH pulls it off well - much better than the Vypyr's stock speaker. The Vypyr in stock form sounds decent. But its speaker has a pretty thick/heavy cone and it is relatively hi-fi sounding. The result is that the amp sounds a bit sterile. The TH solved that. It sounds much more like a guitar amp now - if that makes any sense. There is a more woody, natural element to the amp's tones now.", "I play a Epiphone Sheraton II which can be a burden on my shoulder after an hour or so I was in dire need of a padded guitar strap, and not to mention in need of upgrading from that nylon material cutting into my neck. I came across Walker & Williams, and was excited in their quality and selection(s). I ended up deciding on this Distressed Leather Strap and couldn't be more satisfied.   Quality Leather, thick but also flexible. (Still have to break in mine.)   Although a little long (I prefer to play with my guitar hugging my chest, Im a beatles lover.) They provide two holes on the thinner end. I loved this, since I can loop them together (I use the higher one) and slap a strap lock on it, and it makes for a perfect cord holder and keeps it out of the way while playing. GENIUS. The length (too long) ended up being not a problem for me.   The padding on this is just spectacular! Absolutely comfortable, and my shoulder no longer dreads long sessions. I could see it getting a little hot and sweaty, it is a wide strap, but that does not bother me.  Overall, I would highly recommend Walker and Williams to any of my friends, or other musicians I come across. The quality is unbelievable, affordable, and the strap is absolutely comfortable. This company is highly under-rated and can compete in quality over those expensive Levy Leather. I will purchase again with peace of mind. My other thoughts are that I would like to see a less wide version of these, as it could be a bit bulky for some. Appreciate the craftsmanship folks!", 'Sound on videos is vastly underrated. Having good sound will make a big difference. This SmartMixer is a great choice for making videos or movies on the iPhone. I graduated from USC\'s film school and have made my share of student and amateur films and videos. I\'ve used some pro equipment and \'prosumer\' equipment. This takes your iPhone into the broadcast quality category, I think. And, with everything you get, it\'s a great value. You get multiple cables, a bracket to mount your phone to a tripod, a hand grip to hold the whole thing, two mics, and the mic adapter/meter/amp.  The most difficult thing in getting good sound in a video is the distance from the subject to the microphone. That\'s why professionals use boom mics, those big poles with a condenser mic, usually, hanging off the end. Someone holds it overhead to get it as close to speaker and action without the camera seeing it. Right? But, maybe you don\'t have a sound man to follow you around. With this rig alone, you can get pretty good sound all by yourself.  I looked around a lot for something that would get me better sound. External mics for the iPhone, or another mobile video phone, are not that easy to find. Most of them seem very inadequate. The headphone input on the iPhone takers a 3.5mm (1/8") mini-jack that has the TRRS configuration. For non-geeks, this means when you look at the little thing you plug into the phone (the jack) it has three rings. Most headphone jacks have two. The third one allows them to include a microphone on the headphones. So, if you want the plug in a mic into your iPhone, it needs the three rings. A lot of mics don\'t have that. They have two. With this SmartMixer, you get a device that adapts any two ring mics so you can use them with your phone. Just plug them in. It also is an amp and will boost your sound somewhat. (Don\'t expect it to perform a miracle. It will adjust the sound but it won\'t act like a "spy microphone" and pull in mouse fart at fifty yards or anything close to that.) If that weren\'t enough, it also has a visual meter and headphone output so you can check your sound and make sure you\'re getting what you want. Not monitoring your sound would be like shooting a video without being able to see the picture. You wouldn\'t do that!  The included mics are remarkably good. I was surprised. I have shot a couple videos with them, sitting a few feet away from the camera and rig. Let\'s say about four feet. The sound was clear, easy to hear, and the mics didn\'t pic up a lot of room echo. I even tried hooking up my Audio Technica shotgun mic, a pro quality mic, to the rig and I thought the sound was better with the little mics that came with it! If you\'re surprised to read that, I was even more surprised when I heard it! My shotgun mic is about fifteen years old and has some mileage on it. I don\'t know if it is worse for the wear or what. But, if you want to get some good sound, the included mics will work.  They will not perform magic. If the place where you are shooting is noisy or you are too far from the camera, be prepared to have the sound suffer.  This rig allows you to plug in other mics as well. It can accept, for example, a lavalier mic so you can get a good close sound on someone speaking. It will take any mic that has a "mini-jack" style output with two rings (not the three like an iPhone headphone has) which is standard for most mics that have a small jack, the 1/8" or 3.5 mm. And the meters and dials allow you to balance the sound. You can plug in headphones to check your sound, too, a must if you want good results. There is also a mini-XLR input on the side and the rig includes a cable that goes from standard XLR to mini-XLR so you can use any professional mic.  The only way to move up from this would be to get a professional mixer and probably a separate recorder so you can add sound later.  If that wasn\'t enough, the rig includes a really good bracket that holds your iPhone and can be screwed onto a standard tripod attachment or you can attach it to the included hand grip stick. Yes, that\'s included, too! So, you can put it all together and be fully mobile, with the SmartMixer atop your iPhone and shot video with good sound! There are two different cables to connect the SmartMixer to your iPhone headphone jack so you can record.  The SmartMixer takes a 9volt battery. It seems to last for several hours. I have used my rig for about three hours total and don\'t need to change the battery yet.  Bottom line: I am very happy with this purchase. I make short instructional videos for my English classes and also some "vlog" style videos on my own about my projects at home, especially lately landscaping and gardening in my back yard. This SmartMixer gives me very decent sound at a good price. You\'ve got to pay if you want professional sound. It isn\'t easy and it isn\'t cheap. But, this will make it so your amateur videos don\'t make sound so amateur if you use them right. I would totally recommend this to a friend if they want to improve their videos.', "High string action. Intonation is ok for a smaller size guitar. It is not a 3/4 size guitar which is fine. The bridge does not use pins to hold in the strings but ball end type strings are used and they slip through the slot on the bridge. I bought this for my son but he does not like it because the strings are too high on the neck. I plan to return this beautiful guitar and get him something else that, hopefully will be easier for him to play.--For me I give it only 2 stars due to playability. The guitar is not a toy but it is difficult for a beginner to play.  UPDATE: Not very pleased with seller's approach to handling customer service and unhappy customers. I got a return authorization. I have to pay the shipping back to seller. UPS wanted about $27 to ship to seller. Too high. I paid about $50 for the guitar. Took the guitar to the US post office and shipped for about $16. Plus, with the RA from seller they will debit from my refund about $7 for the initial shipment to me. I lost money on this deal and got nothing for it other than a bad taste in my mouth for the seller---WOODWIND AND BRASSWIND--which I will give ONE STAR ONLY and will avoid at all cost for any future purchases here on Amazon...I'll stick with Music123 when possible for they are responsive and offer and honor their coupons.", 'I started doing some DJ work and decided I need better portability.  After looking at Behringer, Fender, Samson and Yamaha, I decided that the Peavy Escort 3000 best suited my immediate needs.  There are two different choices for this same unit.  This is the newer version and the extra channels and features were important for my needs.  That said, the price on the older model is tempting, assuming the sound quality is the same, which I cannot attest to.  Sound and volume:  You might need more for Carnegie Hall, but I suspect this will suit most people for a medium sized hall.  The built in equalizer allows you to fine tune the sound of whatever kind of music you might play.  Features:  Love the thumb drive input, although finding a song quickly is a problem if you have a large number of songs on the drive.  You can also quickly plug in a phone or tablet or laptop via the mini jack input, which is what I do.  There is also an RCA phono jack for other stereo input needs. The main inputs are slick as they accept 1/4" plugs and 3 pin plugs typical in corded mics.  Portability:  It\'s not the lightest thing, but it has wheels, which makes it MUCH easier than lugging.  And all your mics , cables and stands all fit into the unit.  Speaker Stands:  This unit comes with stands that pack into the unit.  Although they are not the sturdiest or tallest, they are functional.  If you are setting up on a solid surface, you will be fine.  I don\'t know what to say about outdoors on grass. 5  Unit Stand:  This unit does not have a stand.  Most photos show the unit with a stand.  I did not buy the optional stand since I normally use a table provided by the venue.  But if you have an old keyboard (Casio, etc.), you might want to try the stand you had for that unit before buying one.  Cables:  The speaker cables for this unit are only 15 feet, so keep that in mind for your needs.  The older model comes with 25 foot cables, so I don\'t know why an extra few feet of wire couldn\'t have been included with the new unit.  The cost should not have been that much.  Overall, I could not be happier with this unit. Your needs and wallet may have to opt for something else, but if you buy this Peavey, you won\'t be sorry!', 'All I can say is "Wow"!  This is my first Crossover.  It\'s in the Key of G#/Ab.  It\'s a high end Hohner Marine Band with a Bamboo Comb.  Usually they\'re pretty expensive, but I found one on sale from Amazon, so I jumped on it.  It sounds incredible.  At least the one I got does.  Anybody that gives this a bad review must\'ve had some bad luck.  And it came in one of those nice little cases that have a zipper and fits into your pocket. I highly recommend this to anybody that\'s looking for a great Harmonica.  I\'m definitely getting the whole set eventually.  It\'s just a matter of forking out some cash.  I\'ve read that the Hohner Thunderbird is actually a Crossover on Steroids in a low key.  I\'ve gotta try those also. They\'re even more expensive.', 'This is my third attempt at a decent somewhat portable stand - and is by far the best yet. It is quite solid when fully assembled and tightened down. I have a NI S88 on the lower and an S60 on the upper with no worry about stability.  Couple of problems though -  First problem was - the top of the Z stand is not symmetrical - there is a left and a right part in the assembly of this. I got two right parts and as such the hole on that side would not line up for the welded nut while attaching the riser. I puzzled around with this for a while, figuring I was missing something in the assembly sequence, but nope. It ships partially assembled and I got two \'right\' top Z rails. What to do? I could pack it all back up and return it - or - lay out and drill a new hole. I chose the latter.  With that done I was able to complete the basic assembly. Knowing how to mark and drill holes in steel would come in handy again as - Second problem is the stand is not drilled to sit low enough. Not sure how this got by the design team. I am 6\'3" and the hight of my 88 was about three inches too high when set to the lowest pre-drilled setting. Time to drill again - and again, no big deal - just annoyed that I had to. The last nit is there was a good sized ding in the end of the square top tube facing me as seated. It had to happen in the factory - as there were zero marks in the packaging to indicate it was shipping related. It gouged the rubber plug and left a sharp bur on the facing edge of that top tube. Solution was to pull the plug and file off the bur - again, not a big deal. Perhaps mine was made and assembled on a Wednesday but -  IF you don\'t have a drill, some files, and some skills working metal - you may want to think about this purchase.  if you do - then once you are done  - It is an heavy duty solid stand.', 'To preface, I don\'t want to make this sound too harsh, but 3 stars equates to "It\'s ok" which is exactly how I feel about this product.  The first reason it\'s just "ok" is: I wanted to use my stereo microphones that have a 3.5MM plug with this.  After I purchased it (before it arrived) I read another review where the person said it does NOT contain a 1/8 or 3.5MM stereo line input jack. They are correct.  I just figured all PCM recorders must have one. Nope!  You *can* convert your 3.5MM plug to 1/4" with an adapter, then plug that into one of the XLR jacks on the bottom (which double as 1/4" inputs as well.)  Unfortunately, those are mono inputs, so a stereo 3.5MM plug mic set becomes mono. Yes, it\'s not like it\'s a manufacturing flaw, but I would\'ve liked to see this standard feature in a higher level model like this.  Again, to clarify, I\'m not rating it a "dislike," based on that, but they could\'ve done better here.  I kept the DR-40, because one interesting thing you can do with it which I didn\'t expect is record drums fairly well.  You position the built in microphones to the outward position, then run a snare mic into an XLR port, and a kick mic into the other XLR port, and use the DR-40\'s \'4 track\' setting.  Hang it upside down from the ceiling a few feet over your kit.  The built in mics act as overheads, and the other 2 mics capture your most important parts.  Compared to what 2 overheads and a 4 track mixer would cost, this recorder is a deal just for that in itself.  I did mess with the overdub mode, and found that if you use the "mix" setting, you do tend to get "drift" described in other reviews.  I found this problem while trying to do a song with 5 part harmony, but here\'s a much simpler way to understand how the problem works:  Say you record a track into the built in microphones, and all you do is speak 1,2,3,4,5,6 .. 1,2,3,4,5,6 with one second between each number.  You switch to overdub mode, and turn on "mix."  Hit record twice, and you will hear yourself speaking the numbers.  On this track, you record yourself clapping each time you hear yourself say "1."  Hit stop.  Hit record twice again, and you\'ll hear yourself speaking the numbers, and clapping on the 1 count. On this mix, you will clap only when you hear yourself say "2."  Do this 6 times, and you should have a final recording of you speaking 1-6 twice, and  clapping on all beats (in theory.)  However, what drift does is causes the beats to not match up by the final recording.  You will notice some claps in the final product will not be exactly on the count, even though you recorded them correctly.  This is drift.  What does this mean to us end-users?  It means if your goal is to record perfectly synchronized ANYTHING with this DR-40 using overdub mix mode, you should instead record individual tracks (without the mix setting), then export them to a computer program, and synchronize them there.  Don\'t get me wrong, the audio quality of the recordings is excellent, the rest of the features are good, and it\'s very user friendly, and most importantly somewhat portable (although, you won\'t be sneaking it through the security line at a concert unseen.)  For those who have done their research, and want this product, it\'s probably 4 or 5 stars.  The XLR inputs with phantom power available area  great feature for a portable recorder, for sure.. it\'s just not exactly what I was looking for.', "I have never played guitar in my life so I was looking for something inexpensive to learn on, as a beginner. I gave it two stars because it IS a guitar, I like the black color and it comes with accessories. Delivery was also very fast.  Instructions were not included (I have no idea what a guitar tuner is or how to use it). As soon as I took the carrying bag out of the box, I noticed a problem with the zipper and the bag is really, really thin.  I inadvertently tapped the guitar on a wall as I was walking and it caused a crack in the thin wood...OMG.  And to top it all off, my daughter just popped a string.  This is a nightmare purchase for me and I wish I would have put my almost 40 bucks toward something of much better quality.  This guitar hasn't been in my house for an hour yet and already it's garbage.  UPDATE! I thought I'd give the guitar a chance and get the string replaced at a music store and they wouldn't touch it.  Simply because the bridge is not molded properly and if an attempt is made to replace the string, the bridge could pop off in someone's face.  They also told me that the guitar shouldn't have cracked when it bumped the wall. I ended up spending about $150 for something decent from the music store. The cheap products are not worth the headache and I plan on returning the guitar.  Beginner or not, I would not recommend this item to anyone.", "These lights are bright. I started off ordering 2 of them. I was so impressed with the quality/cost ratio, I ordered 6 more. I run a small audio rig (a couple dual 18s and a couple dual 12 tops) I wanted more lights to add to my existing lighting. These are not only brighter but are better looking than my other LEDs that look like a Light Brite :-) Yes, housing is plastic but seems durable enough to go in and out of the back of my SUV.(I never put lights in my trailer) Yes, brackets are a lighter gauge than other lights, but, that's ok. They are more than sufficient to hold the light weight of these lights. The only negative I have found is: communication between my dmx controller and these lights seemed to stutter when they first recognize them, but, it only seems to be the case at first. Once programmed to a scene they are fine. If you're thinking about it, DO IT. My only fear is I'll want to by more and more and turn into a visual guy instead of an audio guy. Ha! Just kidding...... Or, am I? \\m/, UPDATE: These are great! I have 16 total now. What a great light!", "I had remember seeing the late great Jaco Pastorius using this similar type loop effect when I saw him in concert. This is always intrigued me to better myself and possibly to work on my solos, to be better, to have some type of background behind me that I can work with. The machine is user-friendly. The gentleman who sold it to me, which I bought used. I must thank. He packed it very well, he was very nice to even give me an AC adapter for the unit. The only thing I had to do was download the manual to find out how to work it properly. My music teacher always told me to explore as much as possible, so I'm doing that. When you get the machine hook it up and like I said you might have to go to Digitech.com if you buy used to get a manual, or I'm sure if you bought it new bill would provide you one. There are many of these loopers out on the market. Do what I do and research the item first before buying. The only thing different between this unit and something like the Boss Looper is that there is more time to make the loop on the Boss than this one. But if you're just now starting I'm trying to create some different sounds this is wonderful! like I said, thank you to the seller that sold this to me, he did a great job, timely especially the packing of the unit was superb thank you very much! And get creative!", "I know the new amps have come out, but I don't feel the need to replace.  For the money, this is the best value going.  Same for the new model.  I AM a tube amp snob, used to owning Fender Super Sonic, Hot Rod Deluxe, Princeton, Bassman, etc etc etc. and this is the first solid state amp that I've owned that approaches the tonal quality.  It isn't the same, but it is close enough.  The computer interface makes changing patches stupid easy and fast.  100w (about as loud as my old Hot Rod Deluxe) is more than enough to clear a drummer.  Being 20-30 pounds lighter than my tube amps is nice.  The overall covering isn't as nice but should hold up for medium duty.  While it isn't quite as nice as tubes, it makes up for it in pure versatility.  I've owned most of the amps it emulates and can say they really did manage to capture the flavor of those amps with its modeling.  The built in effects are also very high quality, comparable to Boss.  All and all, a worthwhile trade-off that is more portable that pedalboards and big amps.  I quit gigging several years ago, but would have no issue trusting this for weekend gigs.", 'Best all-around harmonica for any reasonable money? I did a ridiculous amount of research on this before I bought. I looked at Lee Oskar Harmonicas, at the Suzuki, and other brands. Some guy named Ian Chadwick, for example, provides extensive coverage of his own experience with an amazing spectrum of brands and models within those [http://www.ianchadwick.com/essays/harmonicas.htm] which is worth checking out, as of course are the reviews you\'ll find here on Amazon. And yes, within Hohner there are other options besides the Special 20, the most notable perhaps being the Hohner Blues Harp. The difference between the Special 20 and the Blues Harp is mainly--so the story goes--in the comb, the part your mouth actually rests on and glides over. The Blues Harp is wood, the Special 20 plastic. Despite what you first might think, lots of players go for the plastic because it doesn\'t swell and warp with the large volume of--let\'s face it--spit that gets driven through a harp. I grew up playing cross-harp along with one of my best high school buddies as he strummed his guitar, and it\'s fun. Do check out the basic mapping from the key of the song to the so-called "2nd position" (aka cross-harp) key. For the likely songs you encounter in popular music, blues, etc, they seem to be as follows: KEY OF SONG / HARP KEY   E / A   F / B-flat   G / C   A / D   B / E   C / F   D / G This set gives you keys C, G, A, D, & E. There seems to be a consensus that if you buy F and B-flat you\'re pretty much set, though the Special 20 comes in 14 keys, maybe in case you want to play Mozart. These are so much better than the cheap Hohners I grew up playing, real musical instruments that produce sound effortlessly, bend notes with considerable expressiveness, and work very well on both the blow and the draw--if those are the right terms. I remember my cheap set being a trial for note-production on the draw notes. These are made in Germany, as printed on the harmonicas, and as stated on the Hohner website. Don\'t panic, the case of course is made in China, and that sticker is the first thing you see, of standard Case Logic type quality, but very nicely fitted for the harps plus space for a couple more, which in due course, for me, will be that F and that B-flat. Btw I also checked the price all over the \'verse (as they call it on Firefly), and every place has the same price, so you can just stop looking and get it here. Great way to enjoy playing music. I own a pretty complete set of tools for that job--nice Yamaha stage piano, Gibson Les Paul electric, Martin dreadnought acoustic, and recently a cool Yamaha electronic drum kit, which is the bee\'s knees, let me tell you. But this is the ultimate portable, entry-level musical instrument, very unpretentious, and honestly you can sound pretty passable on them soon enough that you won\'t toss them aside with a snarl of frustration. Also a great gift. But folks, don\'t play like Bob Dylan. I just bought the mono recordings box set of his first eight albums, and the guy, genius though he is, sounds like he\'s signaling ships at sea when he blasts that harp. I\'m not the only one who seems to think his headache-inducing harmonica work renders many tracks unlistenable. Bobbie, think of the neighbors! I mean, am I missing something or is Mr. Robert Zimmerman truly bad at playing the harmonica? OK, you\'re a bard, but stick to the lute, will you?']
['Jak & Daxter was made in 2001 it was a epic Journey. How the Story go\'s is that Jak & Daxter go wounder off to misty island than Daxter falls into Dark Echo and turn\'s into a orange rat looking thing and now they have to change him back to normal. The game looks good in HD.The game will only take 5 or 6 hours to beat and the collectables are easy to get all of tham. Jak & Daxter was one of my favorite games as a kid it is one of the best Adventures game out there. i will give Jak & Daxter a 4/5.  Jak 2 was made in 2003...The game features new weapons and devices, new playable areas, and a storyline that picks up after the events of The Precursor Legacy. The game\'s plot was noted for being much darker than its predecessor\'s. As in the previous game, the player takes on the dual role of recurring protagonists Jak and Daxter. There are also a new array of characters such as Torn, Erol, Krew, Kor, Ashelin, and Sig, as well as some returning ones, such as Samos and Keira. Jak II is both a sequel and prequel to the first game. This time the game is Rated T.This game get\'s a 5/5.  Jak 3 was made in 2004. The game opens with Jak being banished to the Wasteland desert for life by Count Veger for supposed "crimes" against the people of Haven City. As he (along with Daxter and Pecker, who decided to join him) begins to succumb to the heat of the desert, a flashback shows Haven being under a mass attack by Metal Heads. Contrary to Torn\'s theory in the previous game, the destruction of the Metal Head Leader did not wipe out all the Metal Heads. Also, the Krimson Guard\'s special force of "K.G. Robots" went rogue and began attacking Haven citizens, leaving the city divided into three parts. The Palace is then destroyed by an unknown force. As Jak, Daxter, and Pecker lose consciousness, they are rescued by a group of desert-dwellers, who take them back to Spargus City. This game is Great i will give it a 5/5.', 'Update: 1/02/15 Been playing this Hammond in Key of A every day what A GREAT playing harp the Hammond is, the sticky #10 hole, Is totally GONE and is Not a problem at all it is just a fantastic playing harp.   What a beautiful harp this is, feels very substantial in the hands, has a certain heft to it, defiantly heavier than my Manji.  One problem though, #10 Hole Blow/Draw is NOT! To Responsive, Out of the box, and seems to be a little sticky, I also have another Hammond, in the Key Bb and it plays GREAT! I am Hoping that with some playing it will break in that Not so lively, sticky #10 Hole Blow/draw.  Update: for Problem of the Sticky, POOR playing #10 Hole, Blow/Draw, I pulled the covers off, used a tooth pick, and Very Gently messaged the #10 hole, Blow and Draw reeds, pushing them up at the ends, and away from there seating position, moving them in this manner several times, moving them maybe 1/16"off there seat, then also did the #8 & #9 holes Blow/Draw reeds the same. This worked Great!, This Harp plays MUCH BETTER, It Actually plays Excellent!!! Now,  and Like my other Hammond Harp does, maybe even Better, This fixed the problem, i Will now give the Harp a 5+ star rating, up from 4 star rating. I realize that Any Manufacturing can have some product that is not quite up to standard, and some that get out the door, that are marginal, some may be better than standard, it is just the way it goes, I am glad i got it fixed. Now it is a Awesome Harp.  I will not compare the Hammond to the Manji, because they are both very nice, and both are great at what they do. But I will say that the Suzuki Hammond Harp is a fine Instrument, it has a Beautiful sound, and a very fine luxurious tone, I hope to be enjoying this for some time to come. The Black Covers are Nice Looking and slick on the Mouth/Lips The Black Comb also Nice and it is slick as well. Reeds and Comb and covers are held together by 9 screws. This is a air tight harp that plays really well, the back is open and the harp has a clean clear bright tone, that is loud when Loud is needed.  I will be picking up a couple, few more of these. They are worth the money. One thing that I look for in a new harp is, How hard do I have to work for this new harp sound good, Also does it make me sound better than I am, or do i have to really work it, for the result wanted.  I will note that the Reed plates stick out from the covers and comb, but! This harp is Very comfortable!! to play, no sharp edges anywhere, The Reed plates stick out the same on the Manji, and Fire Breath, and Promaster valved & non valved as well.  If you Want a High Quality Professional Instrument, Not a toy, this is it', "Good stuff. It's safe for nitro lacquer finishes; It doesn't leave a thick coating; and most important, it does not contain silicone. I don't know of another wax that does NOT contain silicone. Even Meguiars has it. That may be fine for automobiles, but when used on guitars, the silicone works it's way into the wood, and is impossible to remove. Later, if the guitar needs glue (repair), or a refinish, forget about it. Glues and coatings won't adhere properly.  I believe the reason everyone else uses silicone is to avoid caking in the container. It's more workable. Yes, Gerlitz does cake up, and it can be annoying, but it's not a big deal, especially considering the alternative.  I use it sparingly on my non-relic, non-vintage guitars. First a wipe down with Gibson Pump Polish, rubbing it all off. Then apply some of this, on a damp sponge (included in the can). Coat the whole surface, let dry for five minutes, and then buff off. Generate a bit of heat for a really nice, hard, thin finish.  It works particularly well to combat sticky guitar necks, either in humid weather, or with nitro that hasn't fully cured yet.", "I've been using these for years and still really like them.  I had been using them inside the sound holes, inside the case.  It gets REALLY dry here when it gets cold, though, because the central heat is running, and it's so cold that you can't humidify rooms or the house.  In that case, I usually put a Kyser humidifier in the soundhole (keeps humidity in the guitar) and then put the Oasis inside the case for the case itself and the neck/fretboard (and usually stick a Herco in the case compartment as well!).  If it's not so dry where you live, you'll be fine just with this.  A few caveats.  If you let this humidifier get REALLY dry, it can rip the fabric.  It can also mold.  You're supposed to empty out the crystals at the end of every heating season and refill them at the beginning.  I don't think this is necessary.  I think it's better to just open it before it's totally dry, let some air in and let some space fill up the vacuum inside.  This will keep it from molding or tearing, and if you monitor it, you can let it safely dry completely and reuse it again.  ALWAYS use distilled water.  Keeps it from molding or collecting minerals.  On the other hand, I used these incorrectly for years.  They still worked great.  I just use them more correctly now.  :)", 'I have a 1989 Fender Stratocaster Plus. It came from the factory with a trio of Fender Lace Gold Sensor pickups. While I liked the fundamental tone and voice of these stock Lace units, they were incredibly noisy. I know single coil pickups are normally not as quiet as hum-buckers but the sizzle, hiss, and spit I was getting was unbearable. I got headaches while practicing to the point I just stopped playing this guitar. I researched on how to fix this issue. I found some internet resources that advised adding metal foil shielding inside the guitar. When I opened my Strat up, I discovered a lot of shielding had already been applied at the factory. In addition, everything was also properly grounded. But, there was still too much pickup noise.  So I was intrigued at this set from EMG that promised good tone and low noise. They come pre-wired and ready to drop in with zero soldering required. The installation how-to video on EMG\'s site ([...]) was especially helpful. I am extremely pleased with the results. The EMGs are REALLY quiet and have a wonderful tone. OK, I don\'t sound like David Gilmour but it\'s going to take more than a pickup upgrade to make that happen. While practicing last night, even my wife commented "Wow, that guitar sure does sound nice." That\'s something I never thought I\'d hear anyone say about my Strat.  Pros === QUIET - This was my number one requirement and it has been met. Excellent Tone. Evaluated with Peavey Classic 50 head amp and Peavey Classic 410E 4x10 open back cabinet. (FYI, this is incredibly subjective. Don\'t assume you\'ll like the tone and voice just because I did. You really have to try them in your guitar, your amp, while you are playing. This is obvious to most of you but I get a lot friends who ask for blanket recommendations and IMHO, tone is too subjective and too dependent on associated gear). Very easy installation - you\'ll need a phillips screwdriver and wire cutters. Attractive pick guard (I\'ve read a lot of reviews call it ugly so YMMV)  Cons === Expensive - One could easily make the argument that it might be wiser to sell a guitar you don\'t like playing and buy another rather than dropping this much cash on an upgrade. For me, the pickup noise was the only thing that I didn\'t like about my guitar, so this made sense. 9V Battery Required - These are active pickups and therefore require a battery. I\'m not a gigging musician and I own other guitars so this is a non-issue for me. Also, you have to remove 4 screws from the pick guard to be able get at the battery. If you are a frequent performer without a guitar tech, I can see how this can be a deal breaker.', "(corrected 1/9/17) I recently rebuilt my pedal board in order to reduce its overall foot print. I run six pedals with a total max draw of 454 mA. The largest portion of that consumption belongs to my TC Electronic Nova Repeater @ 300 mA. In my old pedal board configuration, I ran all of the pedals off of a Visual Sound OneSpot, using the board's internal distribution and jumpers to supply all of the pedals. Never had a problem. The new board is a piece of plywood and doesn't have internal distribution capability so I thought it would be good to get a power supply that wouldn't require daisy chaining. The reviews for this product were quite good, especially for the price, so I bought it and installed it on my new pedal board. During rehearsal last night, the rig got it's first shakedown. The power supply worked on all of my pedals but one - the aforementioned Nova Repeater. When plugged into the Moozikpro Mini Power Supply, the LED of whatever channel I plugged it into immediately dimmed and the pedal powered off. I tried several different channels and jumpers, but all had the same result - it couldn't power my chorus. I fortunately had another power supply with me and ran it to the pedal and had no additional problems. If the channels on this power supply are truly isolated, then there should be specs as to what current and voltage draw each individual channel is capable of. I could find no such specifications. Had I seen them in advance, I might have made a different choice based on my pedal complement. The weight of the reviews for this product suggest that it works for many, but it didn't work for me. I guess I will get a longer daisy chain cable for my OneSpot and go back to that since it has always been reliable for my rig.", 'I\'ve read some reviews of the DM10 that were considerably less than complimentary, but I really like this kit a lot.  Cost aside (what other manufacturer puts out a six-piece set with THREE cymbals that can be had for $850 or even less?), the quality of sounds is very good in my opinion and there are lots of them.  I appreciate that all the drum pads have two zones, not just the snare.  The rack, although it\'s lighter-gauge than what you would expect to find on an acoustic kit, is more than adequate.  Actually, it\'s pretty much rock-steady, and I love the fact that it doesn\'t take up too much real-estate in my studio.  The feel of the heads is great, and I really don\'t think the sound of sticks hitting the heads is loud at all as some other reviewers have opined.  Although they are "real" heads the pads have no shell depth for the sound to resonate and they are thickly dampened so stick noise was much less than I expected it to be.  Maybe Alesis has improved that aspect lately?  Yes, it\'s a pain in the neck to set all the pad and cymbal parameters so they are responsive enough and yet don\'t unintentionally trigger other components, but you only have to do it once and then you\'re all set (as long as you remember to save the settings before powering down!)  Yes, maybe Alesis could have shipped the brains with pre-set parameters that are closer to what actually works right out of the box, but then I think of all the money I saved by buying Alesis instead of other comparable kits and realize that the set-up was time well-spent.  A couple things I would suggest improvement for is the ride\'s bell and edge zones.  The bell is just a switch trigger, not a piezo, so no matter how hard you hit it it\'s the same volume. A piezo trigger would be much better. And the edge trigger is not customizable (at least, I haven\'t been able to figure out how to customize it): it triggers only when you hit the ride really hard (there doesn\'t seem to be a way to set the threshold), so you can\'t get a nice soft ride edge sound.  Finally, the high-hat isn\'t quite realistic in some respects.  With an acoustic high-hat for example, you can hit it while open then slowly close it and you get a nice sizzle as the top and bottom gradually come together.  You can\'t really duplicate this with the digital high hat, but it would be nice if you could.  If the price was up there with the other brands of digital drums I would probably still give the DM10 at least four stars, but factor in the price and nothing less than five stars will do.', "Beautiful!!! This case looks great on the outside. The brass hardware is a gorgeous accent to the tweed and brown leather. On the down side, I really wish they would have used a brown leather handle instead of the plastic handle it can with. It would have been that much more comfortable. Secondly, the screwheads on the feet aren't quite recessed enough. I placed my case on a table and bumped it and left a three inch scratch on the surface of the wood table. Bummer. Lesson learned.  The inside is plush, great funky vintage color, perfect fit for a strat. Two small compartments provide just enough space for most things. I wish there was a larger recess for the bottom strap button. I have fender locking strap buttons and I cant leave the strap attached and set the guitar in the case. But to me, Im nitpicking.  I wouldnt choose another case over this for my purposes. But if you need something that can withstand a bit more wear and tear, don't get the tweed.", 'I wanted to like this.  The value was right and it seemed like a great solution for my tenor, alto, soprano practice room.  BUT, unfortunately it hasn\'t worked out. There are 2 problems with this:  1 - The stand does not work on any surface except a hard surface and even on a hard surface, I\'m worried.  On any carpet, this is very unstable.  The problem are the two little feet that you can see next to the soprano pegs.  They are simply too short to be stable.  Turns out much of the weight of a sax is on those two little feet.  So on a carpet especially, the feet are pushed downward and the balance tips the saxes back and over.  Exactly what you don\'t want to happen.  2 - The cushioned areas on the stand for the alto/tenor spots don\'t work well for tenor.  The bottom of the bell hits the metal at the bottom of the brace.  Might be correctable if you made the lower cushion (not the top "Y" cushion but the second smaller cushion extended out a little.  Basically the whole tenor sax is flush against that metal rail and the bottom knocks on the sax.  So lay it on there very slowly because it will touch metal to metal.  Over time, I\'m sure this will wear off the lacquer at the minimum.  Overall, like I said, I wanted to like this stand but it didn\'t happen.  For all you other sax players out there, move on and try something else.', '<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epiphone-LP-Special-II-Les-Paul-Electric-Guitar-Ebony/dp/B0002CZUUG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar, Ebony</a>&nbsp;Hello again. I have written a review on this guitar just after I purchased it and now it\'s been over a year and I still stand by my positive review. I own about 8 guitars now and this guitar is one of two of my favorites. My other favorite is a Dean electric 12 string.  When I hold and play this Epiphone Les Paul special 2 guitar it feels and sounds like something I could take on stage but it doesn\'t have the cost associated with a Gibson. What\'s also amazing is that it\'s still around a $150. It\'s well worth the noney. It stays in tune and it high quality. Well worth the money. I just purchased an electric/acoustic Epiphone ukelele today for my Chiropractor. I will review that later. If you are looking for a Les Paul guitar this is not one. Not his typical style although Amazon does sell one for about $250 so don\'t let the name fool you. It\'s still a very nice guitar though. Very solid construction and a beautiful polished ebony finish and tuners. I highly recommend this guitar. Buy it!  Thank you.', "I was reluctant to order this amp, based on some reviews.  I was mainly looking for a portable amp for my MP3 player.  However, I'm blown away by the sound coming from this little puppy.  First, it reproduces my MP3 tunes very well, with better-than-expected bass response for small speakers.  The line-in signal is not routed through the amp's volume or tone controls, so I have to use the MP3 player to control loudness, but that's no big deal.  I tried my acoustic guitar with this amp.  The sound is crisp and clean.  The chorus effect is very good, but mix level cannot be adjusted.  I also like the reverb and delay effects blended with the chorus.  The sound is very lush, comparable to my TC Electronics pedals.  Next, I tried my Tele with the Cube.  The clean sound - with and without chorus/reverb - is excellent.  I like the slight edge the overdrive setting produces.  I can't say I'm thrilled with the distortion setting, but I've never been a fan of analog distortion to begin with - I can't blame that on the Roland.  Finally, keep in mind that this is a practice amp.  Reviewers who are critical of the unit's overall volume probably had unrealistic expectations.  If I want volume, I'll use my Marshall.  Using the Roland as a small practice amp, playing live in a very small, quite venue, or utilizing it as a monitor, this little amp is dynamite.", 'The D\'Addario NYXL (extra light) strings are the worst sounding strings I\'ve ever played in 35 years.  I have played everything from EVH to Ernie Ball, SIT, DR Blues, and everything in between.  I had high hopes for these strings because I had heard their praises sung in many guitar podcasts from pro guitar players.  And the description and packaging says "NYXL guitar strings will bend farther, sing louder, and stay in tune better than any string youve played before".  It also said "reformulated nickel plated string windings have greater magnetic properties resulting in higher output and enhanced mid-range frequency response for more presence and crunch".  This was just not the case.  From a guitar player\'s perspective (I play mainly gibson humbucking guitars) the difference in sound was so dramatic switching from my EVH 9\'s to this set of NYXL extra lights that it was like I had swapped my pickups out for single coils.  I was like I turned a coil tap on.  It literally cut the volume output signal coming through my amp by about 35%.  So much so that I questioned if there was something wrong with either my guitar (which was brand new) or a cable connection.  I swapped another guitar back and forth just to make sure I wasn\'t crazy - because I have never heard strings adversely affect my sound in this way before.  The output was so screwed up that when I played lead with my boost pedal on it was like I wasn\'t even using it.  Swapping out for another guitar with my normal strings on it, worked fine.  Switch back to the one with these NY XL\'s and volume dropped again.  It was not that the sound from these strings was bad all around.  They did ring, it was clear, intonation was good, and they got in tune and stayed in tune pretty quick.  But the "crunch" and "presence" the package talked about never came.  I mean it was like someone swapped all my pedals out for ones that were half the power.  It was like my amp volume had been lowered.  For comparison purposes, I was playing a brand new 2017 Gibson Flying V with Dirty Fingers humbuckers through a PRS 25 watt Archon amp through multiple pedals (a Rat, a Tube Screamer, a Blackface drive, and a EHX Soul Food - all one at a time).  Also I play in a cover band that does all styles, so I also tried clean country sounds, 80\'s hair metal, classic rock, and everything in between.  I have never had a set of strings on my guitar for only 1 hour that I wanted to remove as badly as these.  These are the only guitar strings I have ever tried to return in my life because I was so disgusted with them.  I want my money back.', 'I just *LOVE* this amp! I\'m so glad I bought it. I\'m taking advantage of Black Friday sales and already got a 15W Marshall and a Peavey Vypyr 1 is on the way; i can\'t wait!, but I know there will be an extreme learning curve just programming it. But THIS one is FUN! I love the retro look and style, even the knobs on top look retro. Great colors, great materials, great style all around. And the style wraps around the whole amp in every detail.  Now, if you\'re a "serious" guitarist who only likes Marshalls and is picky about having a "good" guitar made only by Fender/Squier or Gibson/Epiphone, you\'re not going to like this. I\'ll tell you the bad right up front:  the volume knob is more like an off/on switch, it doesn\'t have gradual fade-fade-in control at low-levels; it goes from being off to suddenly on when turning the volume knob slowly from 0 up, it doesn\'t matter how careful you are. I haven\'t tried adjusting my guitar knobs to see but they\'re set fine and low for my Marshall. To get "overdrive/distortion", even with your guitar knobs adjusted up, you have to turn the gain to 9 or 10 (and push the overdrive selector button in); it mostly sounds "clear" at any knob settings and any volume. If you crank the gain distortion is adequate, not great, but acceptable for the mid-high frets especially in chords, it still sounds clear at lower frets and most single notes.  On the good side, I was surprised at the volume of this amp right away;  I actually heard it kick in and turned my guitar down before beginning to play, and adjusted the amp volume to the lowest setting (there is no low). The pick-up sensitivity and power of it was immediate. It\'s actually smaller in size than my 15W Marshall, but cranks! Perfect for a beginner shredder or someone that just wants to have fun and always plays at full (pre-)gain like myself. I was surprised it wasn\'t bad for jazz to despite the distortion setting. I could switch from trying to crunch and shred to picking out full-sounding jazz notelines without changing any settings (I have the bass to 10 and treble and midrange on 0 normally). Again there\'s considerably more distortion in chords than notes, being an asset or a disadvantage depending on your taste. I like it. You\'re not going to take this amp to a gig. I have other practice amps, and this one just looks great and I don\'t care if I shred *it*. I can pretend it\'s the 50s or 60s (or ?) with my 60\'s-era retro guitars. If you play in a retro band you might put it on stage in front for show (but use something else).  Understanding what it is and what it\'s not (a performance amp), if you want it just because it looks cool, well, it does! :) I like it.', 'I\'ve had my Snark for about two years now and find it invaluable. I keep it on my acoustic but use it when I am tuning up my electric, too. I won\'t go into how great the device is; that\'s been said over and over and I have nothing to add except that I am totally lost without it. I had a recent mishap with my Snark and needed to replace the clip that broke, not due to a failure but due to a mishap on my end. For your background info, the Snark clip-on tuners have three parts: 1) The clip, 2) The stem/neck that has a ball on both ends and 3) the electronic head. Both the head and the clip have a ball hole for the ends of the neck to rest inside of. Anyway, I went to the Snark website and saw that if I had a warranty/repair issue I needed to email someone named "Macy." I sent this email to the noted address:  "Hello! My Snark SN-1 clip-on tuner has a broken clip. The jaw of the bottom part of the clip broke (right at the first \'t\' on the word \'PATENT\' and at the \'n\' on the word \'PENDING\' on the line below it). The stem that attaches to the electronic disk display is fine. I just want a new clip to pop the ball of the neck/stem into. I love my Snark and am lost without it. I\'d be happy to just buy a new one, but that seems wasteful to me since mine still works fine. No need to fill up landfills. I\'ll pay reasonable fees for a replacement clip. Let me know the amount."  I sent it at midnight CST and the following day around 11 a.m. CST, I got this reply:  "Hi Brian No problem.  We\'ll send you a new Blue clip. no charge Thank you Marcy"  And with that, I\'m a Snark customer for life. Items can and will fail due to use, abuse, failure or fate. What separates great companies from others is what they\'ll do about it to make it right. It doesn\'t get any more "right" than that.  EDIT: One week later my replacement clip arrived -- with the addition of the neck in the package. Thanks, Marcy! Thanks, Snark! I\'ll be buying more devices for all of my instruments.', 'After a short run with my most recent ink jet printer purchase (a little over 3 years with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Canon-Office-and-Business-MX922-All-in-one-Printer-Wireless-and-mobile-printing/dp/B00AVWKUJS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Canon Office and Business MX922 All-in-one Printer, Wireless and mobile printing</a>) I finally decided that it\'s about time to try out a Laser printer and that I would "go big or go home".  Well, since I was already at home, I figured i would go big anyways, and settled on the Brother Wireless Digital Color Laser Printer.  So far, I\'m impressed with what I got.  The Brother Laser Printer prints out pages perfectly, and with speed that my inkjets never could muster.  In terms of size, this unit is definitely not a little desktop printer to share with your PC/Mac/Laptop/etc.  This unit can hold almost a full ream of paper in it, and it houses these huge ink cartridges totally unlike the little inkjet packs.  Prints come out very quickly in this unit, and all the prints are crisp and perfectly colored.  There are no visible streaking, horizontal printing line, or any imperfections that I can see on the prints.  This unit auto duplexes, so I don\'t have to baby sit it when printing items on both sides of a page, and this unit can scan/copy pages easily.  One thing I do miss on this unit that was available on the inkjet 3-in-1 is the auto feed for the scanner.  This isn\'t a huge issue for our household as we don\'t need to scan multiple page documents all too often, but keep this in mind if you do need to scan items frequently.  For those who need to utilize the fax functions, this printer also doesn\'t have that feature.  Again, we didn\'t need it in our household, so we didn\'t miss it.  Maintenance of this minimal - simply change out the cartridges when they run out, and maybe occasionally run the printer maintenance function.  If you don\'t print for some time, you don\'t have to worry about ink jet nozzles clogging up, and you don\'t have to worry about shutting off the printer because it goes into sleep mode perfectly.  This printer hooked up easily to the wireless and stays connected well, and I\'m also able to print off my iPad and iPhones without issues - this is something I struggled with constantly with my older printer, and those functions alone make it totally worth the cost.  The printer works very quickly and quietly, and getting to work with the many computers (both PC and Mac) was seamless.  I can\'t say anything regarding the longevity of this printer as of yet, but I\'m expecting that it lasts longer than 3 years simply because it seems to be very durable and well built.  Overall, I\'m very pleased with the Brother Digital Color Printer.  It\'s fast, quiet, and the prints that come out of this unit are clean, bold, and bright.', "I ordered this phone set and received it within 2 days.  Unfortunately it was defective.  I contacted Amazon and they replaced it without even waiting to receive the first one!  And the new package arrived the next day!  I'm impressed.  So far everything is working just like it is supposed to.  I have a lot to learn before I can take advantage of all this phone has to offer.  It is so much more advanced than the phone I had before. One feature that I am looking forward to is the back-up for power outages.  My local electrical company has been doing maintenance work in my neighborhood and we have had extensive planned outages.  Could have really used this feature.  I can't really comment on the durability at this point, but I am loving it right now.  OH, and it is very attractive, too!  The cordless phones are much smaller and lighter weight than the one I had before, and it will take a little getting used to, but I guess that is an advantage.  If you are still using a landline phone like me, and need a new one, consider this one.", "I purchased two of the mDesign Desk Organizer 7, white -- one for my bedside table and the other for a small glass table in my living room.  I needed something  to organize essential items I need near me that were cluttering my space.  These little white plastic organizers did the trick and I am very happy with them.  The one in the living room holds my calendar, important correspondence I have to deal with, scotch tape, paper clips, lens cleaner and a small Boogie Board that has a magnetic back but since I did not have anything metallic near my chair I could not hang it.  This board is what I write on with its stylus to remind myself of important things I have to do or jot down telephone messages -- when I have taken care of whatever is on the board I push a button at the top and have a clean slate again.  It is great but no use having the board if I can't stand it up where I can see it and I keep it in front of my correspondence.  In the bedroom I have 3 small remotes for the TV -- one in each of the back three back areas.  I put my glasses and some tissues to see me through the night in the largest space and in the front I  place my little remote for the radio, my spray for my asthma, and more lens wipes.  Everything is neat in both places and just think how awful all that stuff would look on my tiny tables without this wonderful little organizer.  I searched for hours on Amazon until I found this and it was so perfect I purchased two and I am so glad I did.  The items were well packed and arrived quickly and in perfect shape.  The wells are not deep enough in this organizer to hold my big remotes for my cable TV and my Samsung TV in the living room but since I have three shorter TV remotes and one very tiny remote for the radio in the bedroom.  There is even room for my Kindle Voyage reader in the wide space where I put my glasses and some tissues in the bedroom -- ensuring that these two breakables will not get knocked off the table and land on my ceramic tile floor as I grope for a tissue in the middle of the night.  If you need a desk or table orgaizer, check out the mDesign Desk Organizers -- I chose the one with 7 compartments but there are others with different configurations that may be just what you are looking for.  I love the clean white plastic material, the openings at each end so you can easily carry the organizer, and the smart, modern look to the plastic that is very sturdy.", 'These are great pencils.  I am somewhat new to coloring in coloring books.  It is amazing how relaxing and therapeutic it is after a long day at work.  Now that I have tried it, I am hooked.  I looked at a lot of different pencil choices and decided to try these.  I am glad I did!!  They colors are beautiful first of all and there are enough colors that I have all I need.  The pencils color with a very smooth finish.  They do not easily smear.  I even really like the feel of this pencil in my hand.  They sharpen nicely and are easy to sharpen.  They might cost a little more than the pencils you usually find in places like Walmart and Target but they are worth the extra few dollars.  I am really happy with the way my coloring pages turn out using these pencils.  I would definitely buy these again and highly recommend them.  Anyone who needs to unwind at the end of the day should try coloring!  You might be amazed by how much you enjoy it.', 'Really sturdy construction and a great overall product.  Buy this if you want more desk space, if you want the monitor out of your way sometimes, or if you like your monitor very close to your face for close up work.  Why use a monitor arm for just one monitor? to double your space!!!  Check out picture 1 vs. picture 2.  I have a small 48 x 32 inch desk in my room so I can handle 3 AM phone calls without going to the office and schoolwork.  Desk space is a premium.  With a monitor stand I have a fixed configuration which means its a pain in my lower back to move anything or reach past the monitor.  With the ARM in place I can just push it out of the way without touching anything else.  It sounds small, but it is huge.  Now I can get up close for engineering drawings and push the monitor back for college multimedia presentations. I have space for a book, notepad, phone, or whatever I need to get the job done.  I would recommend this for any person with limited space.  The ARM is big and beefy.  I find that I have more adjustment than I need, but you have to position it correctly.  I tried the back of the desk first, but found the ARM (any ARM) will be a maximum of about 17 inches and a minimum of 12.  Placing it centered on the left side I can pull it 17 inches forward or push 17 inches back which is the full depth of my desk. Also, I can fold it out of the way flat along the left side.  In all cases it takes ZERO desk space.  You may need to tighten the bolts on ANY ARM you buy.  Moving parts move.  I have to remove a trim cap to tighten one bolt so keep the wrench that comes with the ARM.  They trim caps just pop off with a screw driver.', "Overview: For the price point, it's the best budget-friendly fountain pen on the market. I read many of the reviews and found most of the complaints are from people who've never use a fountain pen before and/or how easy it was to ruin the appearance of the pen. For $14, it's an impressive fountain pen when compare with OTHER FOUNTAIN PENS.  Pros: The Japanese fine nib is comparable to us, westerners, extra-fine nib, or 0.5 mm mechanical pencil. The nib does not run dry, unlike most Asian pens for a low price, and was ready to use without any adjustment out of the box. Writing with the pen feels very smooth and does not skip. The weigh of the pen is very light with most of its weigh being in the front and cap rather than in the barrel. The design is minimalistic and perfect for daily use, such as school and work.  Cons: Capping does throw the balance of the pen off by a bit. It's not an issue with me, but you should keep in mind if this kind of thing bothers you. The converter is okay. It's great in term of quick refills, but it lacks accuracy and precision. I recommend getting a different converter, Pilot Con-40 or Con-50. Rumor has it the con-50 is magical and will make you look smart and sound prettier, also it's the community favorite between the two. If you prefer the cartridge because you hate money or find your time to be too precious to waste, it's a little bit stiff to remove the cartridge. Some ink may splatter, if the cartridge is not fully empty.  Conclusion: I highly recommend this pen to new fountain pen users, budget-tight spenders, or those who want a beater pen for daily uses. I am a first-time user of this pen and will be a lifetime user.", 'Four months later -- after daily use --  I\'m still very happy with this product.  I am still using the original screen protector and it looks like I\'ll get a few more months out of it. I\'m guessing the supplied pack with last the life of the Zire.  The case never gets in the way and helps with minor bumps. I\'ve done a couple of full-drops onto tile with no damage. Certainly, this is because the Palm is tough, but the case also helped.  It is also pretty useful to have the Palm be just a little "sticky" for when it\'s on the dash or whatever.  However, this MAY cause it from not sliding easily into a belt or planner case. (Mine is nylon and is no problem.)  Lastly, I so much prefer having a case with no moving parts. My old Palms (M100 and family) had a "flip top" screen covers and this new method is a little simpler and, thus, that much better. The beauty of Palms is simplicity.  What\'s the point of a two-pack? It seems like the one will last as long as the Palm.  (Maybe if you took it on-and-off a lot, it might develop a tear.) If two colors are going to be supplied -- how about a "boring business" color like white and a "bold fun" color like bright yellow for casual use? A white one and a pale blue are about the same. White and black may also be a consideration.  -- ORIGINAL POST --  While it\'s not the same as a case, it is a very good solution to give your Palm that little extra protection it needs, when you\'re actually using it.  I still have a case for keeping it on my belt, but I like that it\'s got some protection when I have it out, using it. That\'s when I\'m most likely to drop it.  I was thinking of deducting a star for having to cut the screen film but it wasn\'t a big deal.  I\'ve been using it for about a month.', "I bought this to replace an aging HP 5300 series Photosmart printer that wasn't worth the cost of replacement ink. This printer came quickly via USPS with free shipping. Easy to unpack. Removed all the blue tape, followed the setup instructions and installed the ink. All easy to do. Installed the software, which took a bit of time. Then connected the USB cable to my PC. I will use this printer for the same purpose as the HP, to print CDs. Well, I have used a program called Sure Thing CD Labeler Deluxe for about 5 years. So I gave it a shot with my new Epson. Nada. After running five CDs through using Sure Thing, all with very badly offset results, I finally took a look at the software that came with the printer and that was installed on my PC. Lo and behold, Epson has program called CD Print. So I went about configuring a new label for CDs I sell and following the directions exactly as supplied by Epson, produced a perfect CD!  So, I am back in business.  This printer is very compact, and the control panel, which has a myriad of options and nicely colored graphics, is quite sensitive, which was a bit of a problem for my big fingers, but, with a little practice, I got the hang of it. It requires virtually no pressure to change from one selection to another. I will probably give the scan feature a try soon, but I have another scanner that works perfectly, so that is not a priority.  Bottom line: For about $100.00 this is a very good printer. I think it will do what I need. The letters and graphics on the printed CD were deep and crisp, which is a good thing.  I have no idea how long the the ink will last, but that is not an issue at all. I'm happy with this, and that's what counts.", 'I weighed myself with my clothes on before my Doctor\'s appt. They also have a high-end digital medical scale at the office and it weighed me 0.6 more than this scale. I find it to be accurate and not have too many false readings. With any scale one is going to have a false reading here and there. I really like that it syncs up to my fitbit profile and it eventually gets sent over to MyFitnessPal. It\'s great way to keep track of my weight and BMI. I always forgot to record my weight from my old scale. My old scale consistently was all over the place with my weight and always weighed me heavier than the Aria scale when I made the comparison between the two.  I will be keeping this scale for a long time. Set-up was very easy. I only had an issue because I have MAC Address filtering enabled on my router and I had to turn it off temporarily so the scale could connect and add the wireless settings to the scale properly. Once that was done I added the scale\'s MAC address to the filter and enabled it and the scale works flawlessly.  (FYI: I have a latest model Netgear AC1600 (R6250) router that is not only Wireless B/G, but Wireless-N, and Wireless AC. The scale connected to the router just fine. You don\'t need "old technology" to use this scale. Take some people\'s inability to get this scale connected with a grain of salt. Some may have been valid issues, but most probably don\'t have enough technical knowledge to get it working. I bet a lot of their routers are set to wireless-n only and that is the reason why they can\'t find their own network.)']
["This is an oldie but a goodie, and this toy has been very entertaining for our baby. I was a little hesitant to purchase this after reading several reviews about the blue paint coming off. I will say, not very professional of Fisher Price to let this go on for so long and shrug it off by saying the blue paint is non-toxic. The blue ring is a little darker in color than what the picture shows. Having said that, we haven't had any issues with the blue paint coming off. I figured I would try it because it's an inexpensive learning toy. We just washed the rings really thoroughly when we received the order and did not have any issues.  Our daughter loved to pull the rings off and watch us put them back on, then began to learn how to put them on herself. Eventually, it will lead to color matching. It's a fun little learning game that develops fine motor skills and captures her interest. The toy is a staple that should be in every toy box. Even I can remember having one as a kid. As an added bonus, the top red ring has beads inside to further stimulate your baby. It's a rattle and a ring all in one.  The product is sturdy and well-made, besides some people having obvious issues with the blue paint coming off (although I didn't experience this myself). Infants love this, and they can even chew on the plastic. This is a timeless classic that should never go out of style. We've even bought this toy for our family and friends to give as baby shower gifts.", 'Great price,  great lead holder... BUT.... Funny,  had this exact  Lead Holder for years,  I read a review that stated, DO NOT LOSE THE CAP... OR ELSE YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO ADVANCE or Release THE LEAD... Day or two later,  it flew off . Could not find...  I wrote Staedtler. They TOTALLY ROCK. REPLACED TOP... NC,  And sent a new type of pen for me to try. Pretty Cool of them...  -Thank you for yur answers about whether  this had "China" or "Germany" on it. Each one that came when I bought prior, has Germany Stamped on it. UPDATE- One of them, (I purchased 3 when they were below 6$) the metal 3 prong grabber is slightly "askew" and does not load properly.  It may have been the one cap flew off, possibly damaged it. I want to putchase more but... Why did the price go up? And DOWN, UP, DOWN... Or ? Why was the price so low? Amazon...NOT NICE.', "This printer is awesome!  The first one that I received was defective.  After a 30 minute call to HP customer service, a new one was on the way.  The new one works perfectly and we have not had any issues in a month since we received it.  Things I really like about this printer are:  It is very quiet and fast. Printer range is great and we can print from anywhere in our house and even from the garage.  It uses very little ink - in a month we are still using the initial ink cartridges that came with the printer.  It has a small footprint and the only wired connection is for power.  2 sided printing is great and totally automatic.  You can use heavyweight card stock in the printer.  HP customer service was fast, efficient and complete - about a week after receiving the new printer, they gave me a follow up call to ensure it was working properly.  Ink jet nozzles don't clog up immediately like all of our past Epson printers.  Touchscreen makes a great user interface.  For a low priced printer, I cannot think of any cons.  Very glad we chose this printer and we feel its a great value.", 'This is my third pack of Frixion pens- I got the ultra-fine points, a pack of multiple colors, and now a basic set of black fine tipped pens. so I\'m amassing a little collection. The thing is, I really do love these pens.  Way back in the 90\'s, I used erasable pens constantly for note taking and writing in college/grad school. They were a beast back then (the ink sort of blobbed onto the paper as opposed to flowing, it smudged all over, and the erasing was moderate at best). Even though I\'m not in school anymore, I still like to write long-hand, but somehow the *presence* of an eraser makes it easier for me just *write* and not be indecisive about everything I put down on paper.  I heard about these FriXion pens on a web site and I *had* to try them. Flowing LIQUID gel-ink and a true eraser without all the crumbly/smudgy stuff? I needed to try and see if it were true.  It is indeed true. These are true liquid ink pens (not ballpoint) that flows from the barrel smoothly. And it erases SUPER cleanly. The ink is heat-sensitive so it it removed via heat, and not the actual material of the eraser. So the eraser on the pen is more like a tool for making heat (hence the friction) and nothing that is rubbed onto the paper.  The penbs are great, except for a few things: - the ink is really a dark grey color. It\'s NOT completely opaque, it\'s almost translucent grey. If you like that super-inky-black color, this is not a good pen for you. - every time you use the pen, you have to put a good deal of pressure on it for the ink to flow. So the first few marks you make will be either super light/scratchy or not show up at all. - You really do need to write with a little bit of pressure to get the ink to keep flowing. So it\'s not as easy as writing with a regular gel pen. - the eraser is on the area of the pen you\'d cover with the cap when the pen is open, which makes no sense to me. - the point is a little scratchy and my handwriting looks a little bit "shaky" writing with it. It\'s not as smooth as some other pens I have used, but a general quality of a fine point pen is a tiny bit of scratchiness so it\'s par for the course, I guess.  finally, and this can be a pro or con- the ink in these pens are completely heat sensitive. I just hit it with my heat gun for a quick second (used for crating) and the ink disappeared instantly. Pretty cool to watch (it\'s like in a spy movie!) but if you are doing a project where you need to apply heat in any shape to your materials, the marks from this pen will disappear. I\'m excited about the way I can use this in my art projects.  All in all, these are super cool pens, and the best erasable pens I have ever used. I wish they sold a bottle of this ink so I could use it in more applications.', "I traded in an Epson WF-7620 to try this printer out. I ended up going back to the Epson. This Printer was a big disappointment. For the price I expected much more. The printer does not have a rear paper feed slot, big drawback. I was willing to live with this. But when I loaded a 6 3/4 size envelope and the printer did not have that paper size available, that's when I started to get frustrated. A plus to the printer is the hp support. It was difficult for me to locate the option for chat support on hp's website, but unfortunately I got very good at locating and using this. While the chat support was phenomenal (actually helped me figure out my scanning issue that made me get rid of the Epson WF-7620!) they could not help me with the envelope issue. the solution was to install a strange driver that then made it necessary to enter the paper size on my computer printer settings each time I changed paper size. not acceptable. Then I had unfixable issues with printing photo's from my computer without the printer adding a border. From AirPrint, photo's had no border, but I could not print a borderless photo from my PC, even after hours with chat support and weird drivers being installed that compromised other functions of the printer. They did get photo's to print without border from my PC with one driver, but then half of the photo was discolored, consistently.  Pro's: + hp's chat support + nice quality photo's and documents + double paper tray  Con's - no size 6 3/4 envelope paper option (but there is a Japanese postcard size??) - no rear paper feed slot - tray for printed items is awkward - white color  In the end, after much back and forth, hp issued me a full refund. (I was out the tax, and price of ink, however).  This might be a good printer for someone, I'm happy that at least through all of this, hp support helped me figure out that my printer/scanner needs to be within 15 feet of my Wi-Fi router in order to scan. Epson support never discovered this, had they I would have stayed with Epson. now, after a lot of headache with hp, I can use my Epson WF-7620, which has many more features for the same price. and it's black.", "First off, let me say I am flatbed scanner impaired. I simply cannot seem to scan a bed of photo's without getting fingerprints, dust and pet hair on the bed. I spend more time cleaning the bed then scanning. Then, after I finally get a decent scan free of those things, spending more time separating and rotating the images drives me nuts. I looked at scanning old photo's as a chore that I hated. So, when I saw this, I was as excited as a kid on Christmas eve, this was the answer to my prayers!  It was short lived. First impressions- it is made of plastic and weighs about 1/2 lb, if that. It's so lightweight I'm afraid that if my cat crawled on it it would crack. I had no problem installing the driver, but chose not to install the Photoimpression 6 software it comes with as I have many others that are better. If it's connected to the computer, it's on. If you don't want it on, you have to unplug it from the computer. There's no on/off button.  The first problem came when I tried to scan an old photo from the 1970's. I have boxes of photo's from this era taken with camera's of that era--Polaroids, Brownies and Instamatics. None of these work with this scanner. The photo must slide into one of the frames (it comes with three frames of set sizes). So when I put a square photo from an old Instamatic camera into a rectangular frame, it fell out inside the scanner. Luckily, the scanner is so light I held it upside down and it fell out. I'm sure I can make some sort of frame for the frame to hold these other sized photos, but we're back to a hassle of then having to crop that out as it only scans the set sizes of the set frames.  The next issue for me came when I then went and found a correct sized photo for the frame. The frame is hard plastic. There is a slot on the top and you slide the photo through the slot and down into the frame. And when I did so, all the hairs on the back of my neck stood up as I imagined how many scratches and nicks this was causing to a 25 year old photo. I spend hours correcting image flaws just from storage in old magnetic albums and boxes, the thought of adding more damage to them trying to get them in and out of a frame was not thrilling.  I have many graphic programs that will import scanned images so I did not install the Photoimpression 6 software that was included. But when I tried importing in PSP, PS, Vue Scan, and even with the basic Scanner wizard in XP, I got not only the image, but the frame that held it as well. The screen shots in the users manual didn't have the frame showing so I then went back and installed PhotoImpression. For some reason I don't get, using this software does remove the frame from the finished image. But it sure would be easier to have it import into the program I use to fix and scrap with.  Bottom line is that all those photo's taken for decades prior to my first 35mm camera, will still have to be scanned on a basic flatbed. And those from the eras which are finally of the right size, I'm not scratching trying to get them in and out of the frame. I'm sending it back.", "I love this Canon D530. I no longer use a regular color printer, Lazer is the only way to go unless you need color prints. This does it all....Color scanning, copies and print from computer. I had a regular Canon Lazer printer and it still works fine but I needed to replace my Brother Lazer printer, scanner, copier because it kept saying: REPLACE THE CARTRIDGE even after I replaced it with a new one. As a result I no longer could make copies or prints from the computer, it would only scan. So I was using my Canon Lazer printer and used the Brother for scanning only. I'm so glad to get rid of the Brother and give it the Salvation Army. Maybe someone else will have better luck. This was my second Brother Lazer printer and both had the same issues even though the cartridges were interchangeble. Anyway, back to the Canon. It was amazon deal under $70.00 and it's perhaps the best deal. I must mention that after you turn on the power it goes in to standby mode only after 30 or 40 seconds. Nothing will function, printing or scanning, until it comes out of standby mode. I'm going to look at the manual to see if I can change it. In the meantime, I don't turn on the power until I'm ready to print, copy or scan. You must select on the Canon if you want to scan before attempting to scan. It's real easy....You select scan and then show the computer as the destination. Then you can proceed to make a scan. The drivers installed easily on both of my Windows 7 computers. Hoo-Ray for Canon for doing it right!", "I'm new to fountain pens and I tend to collect the cheap Jinhao pens, low end Pilot pens (kakuno), Nemosines and I also have a Lamy AlStar. This is my second TWSBI. I also bought the white ECO with the 1.1 stub nib, which I adore. I enjoy it ALMOST as much, but it is most definitely still worth the 5 star rating, though I did have a few hiccups with it at first. When I received it, I promptly filled it with Private Reserve Black Cherry, a fun dark red purple. I began writing to test and plop! A big drop of ink landed a few lines above. I thought maybe it was a fluke, wiped it up and went on, but the next two times I used the pen, it did the same thing. So I searched online to find out what might be the issue. I had cleaned the nib after filling, so that wasn't it. I already had another TWSBI, so I was reluctant to immediately think it was a problem requiring return and continued scouring the forums. It turns out it was a ridiculously easy fix: push the nib in just a little bit. I did and the problem appears to be resolved quickly and easily without return to the manufacturer. Pros: Large ink capacity Ease of use Sturdy material Sharp-looking pen I love the demonstrator pens Nib is high quality and delivers a nice line Eco-friendly, no cartridge waste. This does not come with ink. Remember to purchase some if you are completely new to fountain pens. Very nice price-point for a very nice pen that's sturdy enough to be an everyday carry and still elegant enough to make a statement Quick shipping Secure packaging (the box it comes in it pretty awesome. It comes with a wrench and silicone grease for at-home adjustments Cons: The initial ink blobs which were easily resolved Overall, this is a fantastic pen. It is well-worth the money and it surpasses my expectations", "I had used Visioneer scanners for many years to try to maintain a paperless office.  The Visioneer scanners were were okay, but slow and clunky.  Then I switched to Mac, and could no longer use Visioneer products.  I have been using an HP all-in-one for a while now, but it's just not designed for efficient scanning.  After a long search at Apple stores, Fry's, etc., I came across the ScanSnap on Amazon.  I must say, this is EXACTLY what I have been looking for over the past several months.  It scans both sides in one pass, and is very fast on AC power.  It sends your file straight to PDF (or jpeg) with no quirky complications.  There are plenty of options after the scan if you choose to use them (send image to email, iPhoto, printer, and others), but I typically let the image go straight to a PDF file and catalogue them in Bento 2.  The 300M will also operate on USB power, which I plan on using soon.  Do note, however, that this is NOT a TWAIN scanner.  You must rely on the Fujitsu drivers. Fortunately, the software is robust enough where this has not been a problem.  In fact, some software like ReceiptWallet/DocumentWallet will let you scan straight into their program.  At long last, a scanner that fits on my desktop, does what it's supposed to do, and does it amazingly well.  It definitely ranks as one of the top Mac or PC peripherals I have ever bought (and that goes back to first PCs of the early 1980s!).", "I purchased this pen to keep in my geocaching pack.  It needed to be small so I could clip it to a lanyard and it needed to be able to write on many different surfaces, in any temperature.  I read several product descriptions before settling on this one. I think the fact that I'm a fan of Nite Ize Gear ties had something to do with my choice.  I really like those little ties! Anyway - I bought the pen and I'm glad I did!  It stays tightly attached to my lanyard (unlike those mini sharpies with clips on their caps - I've lost too many of those in the woods!) So far, it's written on every geocaching log I've encountered - even the damp ones.  A+++ pen.  Recommend to all.   If you are unfamiliar, geocaching is a hobby where people hide containers in public places - woods, nature trails, parking lots, bus stations, libraries...just about anywhere - and post the coordinates (longitude and latitute) on the geocaching dot com website.  Other geocachers use these coordinates to locate the hidden container and sign the log book.  Through this hobby, I've visited some amazing locations!  It's not so much about the hidden container as it is the hike and area  where it's hidden!  I try to write helpful, concise reviews for all of my Amazon purchases.  If you found this to be helpful, please let me know by clicking yes below.  Thank you!", 'I love the ScanSnap line and have had several models. I have adopted this product line at my workplace for personal scanners, and we have never had a failure. They\'re fast, reliable, durable and this model is no different. I\'ve also owned the model slightly larger than this, the Fujitsu ScanSnap S1300 Instant PDF Sheet-Fed Mobile Scanner (PA03603-B005). I would definitely choose this model for the mobile traveling worker.  This is the first ultra mobile Scansnap, and I cannot convey how impressed I am with it! The device is literally about the size of two snickers bars put end to end. It\'s tiny, feels well constructed, and does not require external power. The software installation is quick is easy. It does not come with Adobe Acrobat Full version, like some of the older models used to include. It does not scan double sided as do many of the other Scansnap devices. If you\'ve used a scansnap this one puts the brakes on and reverses you-- the paper actually feeds in the front and out the back-- Opposite of all Scansnaps. It works just fine once you realize what\'s going on there.  Those couple of drawbacks considered, if you are a mobile road warrior who needs to scan on the go, (signed paperwork, business cards, receipts, etc.) this is clearly my most preferred choice for a mobile scanner. The quality of scans is completely satisfactory, and honestly this little device does much better with tiny thin pieces of paper like receipts as compared to some of the larger models-- that are designed for a whole stack of paper-- and from time to time will skew a thin tiny receipt sideways and crinkle it up.  My thoughts on this model vs. the S1300: If you travel and set up at a hotel, temporary office or trade table type environment for a few days or all day, or need double sided scanning, the S1300 is a fine option. It\'s larger and takes more space if you\'re flying. If you travel or fly daily, or move from client to client during the day and want the smallest lightest option, this would be my recommended option. It would be perfect for sales forces, insurance company members, consultants, and others who go from place to place quickly, want minimal bulk, and the ability to scan a few documents quickly & easily. If you need to scan small stacks of paper, go with the S1300.  As I continue to have the scanner longer I will plan to update the review. But at this point, the install was easy, the scan quality is good and use is easy, and the device is unbelievably small yet feels "not flimsy" and I couldn\'t be any more pleased with it\'s functionality and portability. If you have any specific questions or would like a certain additional feature tested, please leave a comment below and I will answer you ASAP.  Update: I have added a photo of it in my hand for size comparison. It\'s unbelievably trim!  Update: I\'ve completed my first business trip with 13 pages of various sized receipts, full page receipts, baggage fee wide receipts, etc. I was able to scan them all in about 2 minutes. As well, a couple features I didn\'t mention explicitly above: The scanner auto aligns the images-- you don\'t have to worry about feeding them through exactly straight. Finally, the software "sits and waits" between receipts you feed through, until you click "finished". This is a FAR superior software feature to the larger S1300-- because it takes a few moments to put down & pick up another receipt. The scanner sits patiently and waits for you to feed through as many receipts or pieces of paper as you want, with no urgency.  The scanning went perfectly and I\'ll post a few examples of the scans with no personal info on them as an example of scan quality. Since I\'ve had the scanner I carry it with me in my backpack every day to & from work and everywhere I travel with my work backpack. Still going strong with no issues.  Update: I recently needed to scan some very plastic like paper and it didn\'t want to curl upwards to come out of the scanner. I then learned that the back "door" on the scanner can very easily be removed so the paper feeds straight through without bending it. Another question, and another problem solved easily.  Update: I discovered that the rear door can easily be removed so you can scan hard cards like plastic credit cards, membership cards, etc. right through the unit without bending them at all! Also great for older style hard photos as long as they\'re not too thick.  UPDATE: I had bought this originally Feb 10, 2011 and recently lost it in luggage. I bought another and it seems the product listing had changed, so I shared my review here again because I love it so much. Everything about my review still stands', 'I lived in Japan for many years and greatly enjoyed buying and using all of the wonderfully engineered tools, cooking implements, knives, consumer electronics, etc.  Japanese people love precision and great clean design, and mechanical pencils ("sha-pen" in Japanese) are heavily used.  By professionals, captains of industry, artists, and school children.  My Japanese teacher turned me onto them, great for precision writing of Kanji.  I think the Japanese affinity for them stems from the similarity to sumi-e (charcoal) writing implements traditionally used to write Kanji characters.  I don\'t recall these Kuru Toga pencils from when I was there, I might have been using them all along and didn\'t realize what I had.  Anyway, I just bought this one from Amazon and fell in love with it instantly.  For a piece of consumer goods that costs less than $6.00 the engineering and design of this thing is a marvel.  Might sound funny but it is beautiful to look at.  Smoke translucent high gloss plastic barrel, neon green grip and eraser cap, chome-look tip, ridges molded into the end to make it easier to grip. The auto rotation/ auto advance of the lead works perfectly as expected.  To test it I started writing and could not stop.  The included HB leads are for me, the perfect balance of darkness and hardness.  Silky smooth on the paper and they produce no dust that will smudge.  I spent the day today at work, writing with a 0.5 mech pencil (not one of these, just a standard one) and the lead broke every 10 seconds literally.  Snap, click to advance.  Snap, click to advance. Snap, click to advance.  Frustration.  Got home, opened this up and just wrote a lot and have not broken the point once.  Includes a starter pack of HB 0.7 leads and 3 erasers (one installed and two spares).  The pencil itself had about 3 leads pre-installed so get this "starter set" and you\'ll be good to go for a long time.  Amazon sells a 40- pack of the 0.7 leads as an "add-on" item for a couple of dollars if you spend more than $25.  Love this sha-pen.  Must. Concentrate. On. Not. Losing. It.', 'I\'ve been a professional photographer for many MANY moons!  Up until about 5 months ago, I used an Epson Workforce 600 printer as my everyday printer... for documents, and everyday photo printing.  For documents, it was an excellent printer.  It was also "good" for printing photos.  However for my important gallery photos, I use my Epson Stylus Pro 3880... a professional photo printer.  The problem with the Workforce 600 is that it used Durabrite ink, which is a pigment based ink. In the past, all pigment based ink had a problem with glossy paper called metamerism.  That\'s a property where the ink sits on TOP of the paper surface. The results were that when viewed under different lighting conditions the color appears to shift a little bit, and even caused "bronzing", especially in the blacks when viewed under spectral lighting. This effect was most noticable in black and white prints.  Also, when viewed at certain angles the images would appear less glossy and uneven when going from lighter colors, or clear, to dark colors... almost like a negative image!  My latest SMALL printer is the Epson Artisan 810 printer, which uses Claria ink... a dye based ink. No more bronzing or metamerism!  The glossy prints have an even gloss and truly look like regular photo prints from your local pro camera store!... some small drug store labs still give you prints with uneven gloss... or semi-gloss. Also, Claria ink adds two more colors, Light Magenta and Light Cyan which means that you get a potentially wider color gamut (depending on your color settings) than you do with the old Durabrite 4-color ink system. The problems with pigment based inks have been pretty much eliminated, due to micro encapsulation of the ink droplets in the best pigment based inks. The encapsulation surrounds each droplet with a polymer, which almost completely eliminates their previous problems.  I am extremely happy with this color pack not just because it saves money over buying the cartridges individually, but also because it uses Claria ink!', "For around $100 on sale (sometimes a little less), this thing is just insane value. You won't get commercial quality laser printing, but it's easily good enough for 99.9% of office use. The only thing I've ever noticed as a con to the type of toner these brother printers and lower end laser printers use, is that the toner doesn't stick to the page forever, especially when rubbed against.  What I mean is that if you were to put a printed document that came off a laser printer like this in your pocket, you might notice that some of the toner abrades off over time. Especially when folded.  That being said, MOST people will never even notice that. I only noticed it due to some extreme circumstances that I was using it for originally (documents that went into people's wallets didn't fair well!).  For invoices, documents, etc that you would use in a typical office environment it's great.  HOWEVER, the ONLY thing I can tell you is:  LASER PRINTERS REQUIRE A LOT OF POWER. A ton of power. When they turn on anyway. So here's the problem...  Most houses are wired with 15amp circuits. This printer when it turns on pulls ~ 10 amps which will cause the power to flicker a bit (brown out). If you had something with a reasonably high load on the same circuit, it would probably blow the breaker. If your house has GOOD wiring (not cheap contractor grade wiring), you might not experience this brown out/flicker. However, you most likely will. No problem if you can deal with it, but something to beware of if you have a lot of electronics on the same circuit. For example, a computer on the same circuit might reboot due to the brown out. My understanding that this has not so much to do with the breaker but with the wiring that runs from the box and also from the road.  IDEALLY you put this on a circuit that's 20amps and wired for that kind of load. In that case, you'll be just fine.  I've also seen it do just fine on certain 15amp circuits, so it does depend a lot on the wiring in your house/office.  For me, it's tolerable for now, I just had to put the computer on a UPS to protect it from the drops in voltage that occur when the toner heats up right before a print.  As for idle power draw, it's basically 0.", "Very satisfied with this product. I ordered units for my Epson 1400 and R280. Great prints without the high prices of Epson ink.  Hotzone360 was prompt and helpful with resetting the printer when Epson stopped printing when it decided the cartridges MUST be empty.  It didn't work!  I was running again in minutes.  Two cons that are small for me but might be major for you:  1.  You must print every three or four days to keep the print heads open.  If you go five or six days you will need to run the print head cleaning routine.  That always works so not much of a problem.  2.  This ink is not like the water resistant Epson ink and will run and smear if you get the prints wet.  That aside the prints are very high quality.  I have just ordered refill ink for half the price of the original and look forward to even greater savings.  One more thing.  Once you are sure you have the clip arm positioned exactly right, super glue it in place.  The double sided tape will fail over time.  Addendum: I finally had a major problem.  Could not get the printer to print cleanly even running the head cleaning cycle multiple times.  Found the problem by reading the instructions from HotZone360.  I had allowed the ink to splash up into the air filters, which clogged the filter membrane, which stopped the air flow.  Simply punching a hole in the membrane with a finishing nail solved the problem until I can order replacement filters. (They are available from HotZone360 for a nominal cost.) It will be two years since my order next month and the printer and the ink supply system is still going strong.", "PLEASE BRING THIS BACK IN LARGE!  I absolutely LOVE this planner. I have bought two in the past three years. The unfortunate part of this planner is that you cannot buy refills for it and must either make your own or buy custom ones off Etsy. I'm so happy I got the two when I did because these haven't been in stock in forever! I have watched it faithfully to see when it restocks but it's been so long I don't think it's ever  coming back.  The planner is great. It fits my lifestyle well. It's A5 sized (or half-sized) and has 3-rings in the binder. This makes for making custom pages for your own planner so much easier because you're not punching 6 holes but only 3 holes.  I am happy I have two of these because I have reused them the past 3 years. I have a current one for this year and I have used my old one to get ready for next year.  It comes with a blank canvas for 1 year in monthly form and weekly form. Like I said, I wish they sold refills because I can reuse the planner part of this but have to make my own custom refills for it.  Please bring this planner back!", "These are my absolute favorite folders, even without the inner pockets. With both, I think they are worth spending a bit more on.  I'll assume you already know you want a file folder that is paper size and has a little expansion (if you aren't sure, Yes, you do). Why this one?  1) It's good quality. I've been happy with 5-star products in the past (like the notebooks) and these keep up that standard. Both the outer cover and the elastic feel thick and sturdy.  2) Good quality removable pockets. Other folders can have fixed pockets and it is rare for them to be colored. These pockets are different colors, see-through, completely removable (I've used them separately at times), and a good thin-but-strong material.  3) Vertical Orientation. It's surprising how much of a difference this makes. Think of all the paperwork you have and whether the identifying marks are at the top or along the side. Mine are at the top. Also, my folders are either stored alongside books (in a vertical orientation), or in a bag or backpack (again, a vertical orientation).  Good & Bad: 1) It's big. It's big enough to hold larger-size music (one of the things I use it for). 2) The bottom sides are open (i.e., little things can fall out the bottom). This is typical since it would be harder to achieve otherwise. 3) The flap is large. Being harder to open is both good and bad. Good thing the inner pockets are removable. 4) There is limited expansion. Some expandable folders really get large, but these are limited by the width of the bottom (which doesn't expand).", "I am writing this after only a week of ownership, so I hope that my experience continues.  Based upon my past experience with Brother printers, it most likely will.  I purchased this to replace a nine year old Dell color laser. Other than the fact that this does not have a 2nd full drawer, this one performs rings around the old one, both for speed and flexibility. I have just been printing 3x5 cards without a hiccup! The old one couldn't.  This one warms up quickly and prints really quickly.  Duplex is a wonderful feature.  (This is not to put down the Dell which served well and faithfully for NINE years and only started having problems recently. I cannot complain about it at all.)  I have not yet tried printing photos.  I have a feeling (but don't know for sure) that there will not be the depth and fidelity of color that I would like.  But hey,  I mostly bought this for office use.  Who cares if the colors on a graph (or other similar graphic) are vibrant and exactly the right shade of puce?  For my current purposes, the colors are fine.  I like this printer.", "Update 2/24/17: This printer is the biggest POS on the market. It only prints when it wants to still, so you never know if it will. Otherwise it takes 10-20 mins to print one document and you are lucky if you get the entire thing. STAY AWAY FROM THIS CRAPPY PRINTER, SAVE YOUR SANITY AND SPEND MORE MONEY LIKE I HAVE TO DO NOW. IT IS NOT WORTH THE HEADACHE. I GET BEYOND FRUSTRATED WITH THIS THING AND WANT TO THROW IT OFF A CLIFF MOST DAYS. What a pain this printer is to set up! This printer is really a POS. It prints when it wants to, so random I don't know if it will print what I actually need. It may print today and not print tomorrow. This is not worth the money and I can't wait to find a new printer that works. Why have something that isn't reliable? I don't need every other or every few documents printed, I need them ALL. Buyer beware, look somewhere else!!!!", "Got this to replace my 4-year-old Visioneer scanner. My visioneer scanner works with my paperport verion 9.0, but it won't work with the latest Paperport version 11.0. So, I have to find a new one. This LiDE90 is a good balance choice between price and performance. Got it from Amazon for $69.99.  Pro:  1. Powered by USB directly. So, I now don't need to power it up/down between scanning jobs any more.  2. Very thin. And is smaller than my visioneer scanner.  3. Work with the latest Paperport software (ver 11).  4. The scanner driver provides quite some options. Good for fine tuning.  5. Scanning speed is good (depends on resolution).  Con:  1. The lid can be raised about 1 inch for book scanning. But, can not scan think books.   Some people may complain about the squeezing noise from it. But it's not too loud. And it seems all low-price scanners have similar type of noise when scanning.  Overall, I am happy with this purchase.", 'I read other reviews noting how light the paper used for these folders is, compared to what most of us think of typical file folders. Foolishly, I dismissed those reviews -- all seemed inexact, and too subjective. I shouldn\'t have. These folders really ARE thinner than normal, insufficiently robust to be used for anything but the lightest filing needs. Very often, I need to add a two-hole punch to the tops of the folders I\'m using, then add a two-prong clip. That\'s just not practical with these folders; such heavy use would tear them to pieces quickly.  A huge problem here is the absolute absence of information provided by the manufacturer and/or seller. Card stock is typically reported by "points" or "mils." This is the thickness of a sheet in thousandths of an inch. Such info would be enormously useful for consumers trying to decide which products to purchase blind. A typical business card is about 9.5 pt., while a grocery sack is around 7.6 pt. These folders are pretty close to the lightest business cards I\'ve collected in recent months, so around 9 pts. I\'ll bet a better (more "standard") file folder would be around 10-11 points. (Or alternately, by paper weight: card stock ranges from 50 to 110 pounds). Why doesn\'t Amazon or the seller provide this kind of information? Without it, you ARE buying blind. With it, you could more intelligently balance out cost v. need.  Anyhow, only two stars because these are NOT truly "standard" filer folders. They are perfectly usable for light long-term filing, but not for adding 2-prong clips or frequent reference use.']
["I bought both the original PSP and the Nintendo DS.  The PSP kind of faltered and even though it did okay in the long run I lost interest in it early on.  If you came to the PSP later in its life that's a good thing.  For me the PSP was a let down in its infancy because it didn't quite deliver on its promise (implied or not) that it was a PS2 in your hands.  I spent the next many years with my DS->DS Lite->DSi as my handheld of choice.  Enter the Vita.  I spent quite a bit of time with it yesterday upon receiving it and this time Sony got it right.  They promised again that this would be like having a home console in your hands and for a console that hasn't yet hit it stride and doesn't have developers fully optimizing for it... the end result is pretty amazing.  Maybe I shouldn't be amazed as more and more smartphones have been doing great things graphically.  The issue with smartphone gaming though is touch control alone is maddening.  I can't play adventure or platform games without either a D-pad or an Analog control stick.  It's way too imprecise and ends up just not being fun as you can't make the game do what you really intend.  The Vita solves that while giving you even more innovative control schemes by recreating home console style controls on a handheld but adding in a front and back touch interface that adds a little more depth to tired old touch controls.  This isn't the end all device and it has its flaws for sure, but I was prepared to be let down by the Vita and I was definitely impressed by what they were able to deliver.  The First Edition Bundle comes with a case that is pretty nice... my only real complaint about it is there is no place to put other memory cards.  The bundle comes with a 4GB card and I bought a 16GB card.  So I fashioned a card holder out of the two plastic holders that held the cards in place in their original packaging.  Then trimmed it down so it would fit in one of the game card slots in the case.  Pros: It really feels like 360/PS3 style gaming in a handheld The OS is optimized for touch and mimics a smartphone Even though the price is higher than a 3DS I don't feel like I didn't get my money's worth especially with the bundles Sony offered The launch lineup had quite a bit to offer most people and it looks like they are trying to spread big titles out in the coming year It really lends itself to growing and changing to provide new features and services as they upgrade the OS along the way  Cons: It's a little pricier than some might want to pay for a handheld (but worth it I promise!) The OS while optimized for touch doesn't let you use the D-pad or buttons for input at all... that kind of sucks Setting up 3G on the system is a nightmare... just do it on AT&T's website Oh and that brings up AT&T... the pricing for 3G makes no sense and Sony will have to give me a better reason to pony up money each month for it as right now they haven't made it a must have feature. Some might think the battery life is a Con but at around 5 hours of actual use it's worth having such a powerful system. The screen is plastic and not glass... I have to wonder if Sony just wants to sell their own screen protectors Which brings us to Sony wants to sell their own memory... it's a typical Sony move but it could have been worse (I guess)  One more thing to note... on the memory card front.  I actually got the 16GB card and I cringed to pay so much for what I know should really be costing me $20 tops if it was microSD memory.  I installed a PSP game, a Vita PSN game, and 3 Vita full size demos and I still have 10GB left.  I think 8 to 16GB will be fine for most people.  The 4GB seems too small for most use cases and the 32GB seems a little too large unless you really just want to go all digital download.  All in all I'd say most people would be happy with the Vita.  It has a definite place between smartphone and home console that gives an excellent balance of some freedom without sacrificing what you're used to playing at home on your big screen tv. Oh and speaking of big screens... if you haven't seen a Vita in real life you will be surprised just how big it really is.", 'Update - I don\'t know what is happening, but I can\'t get it to associate.  The big problem is that I now have a stack of several dozen pages over the last hour - one with the ethernet and one with the "failed to associate" wireless for each vain attempt.  It doesn\'t say why, I can\'t monitor the connection progress, it gives no details...  Meanwhile it doesn\'t remember the IP address to ask for the same one, so I have to change all my computers assuming I can ever get it connected.  It is fine as long as everything is working.  When it isn\'t, it is so completely broken that you can\'t restore connectivity.  I literally have 3 laptops running one of each of the OSes and they are all connected to the printer.  I used the Mac for the setup.  WINDOWS OR MAC FOR SETUP will be easy, especially if you attach it via ethernet or USB to start.  I was able to do the setup entirely via wireless, using my Mac though the included setup application was a bit touchy about finding and associating with the printer\'s default adhoc.  When done though, the web page came up and I moved everything to my main AP (though you do have to do the reset printserver on the network setup page).  It might be possible to do the setup under Linux or anything else with a browser using the web page.  By default it creates a 169.254 IP address and a "SETUP" ad-hoc network on channel 11, so if you join you can use the web page.  This info is visible from the setup page you get by holding the go button in for 10 seconds.  Then accessing the 169.254... address admin/access for user/pass, you should be able to configure it completely.  30 surfaces per minute - so duplex is 15 sheets per min, but is fast!  It just works.  The web page configuration is well thought out and works well (but needs javascript).  As I noted, I didn\'t have to attach ethernet or usb.  1200DPI will be at half speed. HQ1200 is 2400x600.  600 dpi is crisp and clear though so I will rarely use the higher rez.  For linux, I chose the HL-5270DN driver which seems to work perfectly, but used "ipp://192.168.1.111/" style for the "Device URI" since the auto-detect found it by Bonjour or something but wouldn\'t connect when the configuration was finished (I\'m using xubuntu).  Downsides:  Drum is expensive, I don\'t know the life.  Trays are also expensive but at least are available - 2x and you will be printing large docs (like I need) without stopping.  Non refill toner is also a bit expensive.  Upsides: Duplex is proportionately fast, some printers go to 1/3 or 1/4 when duplexing instead of 1/2.  Inexpensive, but has all the interfaces for a network printer.  Easy to configure (though not quite painless, is any network printer painless?).  Compact so fits anywhere, light enough to move.  This is based on just installing and starting some massive print jobs, but having it work on 3 different OS computers with out major headaches, I\'m giving it 4 stars.  The 5th star is withheld since the configuration tool is touchy and probably not needed, and supplies are expensive v.s. the printer cost.  Call it 4-1/2.', "I bought one at Home Depot and it worked so well, I bought another one on Amazon.  I tried countless ways to catch this persistent rat that was eating my plants.  But it was too clever by half and kept eluding by traps.  I tried everything.  Finally, I went with the humane trap.  I've caught two since!  There are some nuances, though.  The latch is tricky to set and the instructions are terrible.  You basically want the lower latch to be barely snagging the upper latch.  And when you're lowering the latch, be sure that the trap sides aren't locked.  If this sounds confusing, try YouTube.  Oh, and put peanut butter both on the trigger and on the roof above it.  That will ensure they move around enough to trigger it.  Lastly, be sure to wash between uses so the rats don't have any hint at what awaits them.  Happy trapping!", "Other reviewers have mentioned the round tops. Yes the picture shows square staples. The ad, however, clearly states they are round top staples. That's why I bought them. The round top doesn't create a pressure point, when I install them as others have mentioned. In fact the lack of square corners makes them far more comfortable in my opinion... and stronger. The shipping is free. So the recent shipping complaints are clearly in places where shipping costs are expectedly high (islands, wildernesses, countries with poor infrastructure, etc.). Others complained about the weight... of course 500 steel staples weigh 20lbs. They're steel. All of the reviews below 4 stars seem angry at the staples for the customer's own circumstances. Also, the coatings on ground staples have nothing to do with rust. Some of the more experienced reviewers don't understand this either. This is a manufacturing lubricant. It's there to let the metal wire slide smoothly through the bending equipment. The more grease or oil on the staple, the more damage you do to your soil. That's the second reason I purchased these staples as opposed to others. It's also a sign of quality materials and good storage practices that very little lube was needed to make the staples and keep them rust free in the box. The last brand I used was COVERED in graphite grease which took days to scrub off my hands.  These are awesome staples. I've installed several thousand staples from several companies over the last 4 years from landscaping to crop planting. These are the lessons I have learned. The round top creates a bunching effect when installing plastic or fabric, making the material less likely to tear off the staple on a windy day. The cinch effect also tightens the fabric or plastic you put down. The round top also allows for slightly deeper ground penetration, further tightening your install. The tighter your material, the less likely it is that wind will be able to get under, and remove it causing a re-install. I use black plastic sheeting as a chem-free defoliant that also draws very straight lines for crop and tree plantings. The less space between plastic and dirt the faster it cooks the soil clean. Good staples. If you want square, buy square.", 'I\'m offering this review in hopes that the reader can avoid the, albeit minor(continue reading) mistake I made.  Being a deskjockey and not a lumberjack, I did not realize that there are multiple sizes of these wedges.  I was looking for the large ones that you see on Axe Men.  What I actually purchased, however, were only slightly larger than a pack of cigarettes.  That said, these things work great.  I think, in the end, this size is actually much more practical for the average homeowner with medium to light duty needs.  I used these with great effect to drop a 20", wrongly-leaning hardwood.  These offered just enough persuasion for the tree to go where I was asking it to go instead of onto my roof.  I think that the larger ones I was originally seeking would actually be too large for my needs.  I rarely work with anything larger than 24" on my property, and if I do, I\'m calling a tree service for the insurance.  For anything smaller, I think this size is just right to provide leverage while not being bulky enough to get in the way.  These guys are really solid, as well.  I began by driving them in with a hammer, which worked pretty well.  However, I quickly realized that it was much more efficient to use the sledge end of my splitting maul.  Perfect.  These plastic wedges totally held their own and I no longer worry about them cracking or giving out under the stress of driving them into the slot.  I\'m sure I don\'t even need to mention this, but they are NOT, however, impervious to the actual teeth of the chainsaw, as I discovered.  A roaring chain will eat through them like butter and will also, I am here to attest, hurl them 50 feet across the yard if, say, the wedge were to fall onto the chain at the completion of a preventing a pinch when making a vertical cut.  Thinking before acting is always preferred when operating a chainsaw.', "The seller is sending me another kit to replace the faulty shaft seal included with the first kit. They stood behind their product, good seller, good service. Thank you!  My first shaft seal failed years after the pump was installed, it was an easy fix to purchase a new seal from the local store and also a spare to keep on hand. In addition to the seal, the impeller also broke, the plastic threaded portion failed due to age. Luckily I had a spare for that also. A few weeks ago my pump began leaking again so I disassembled the unit and examined the parts. The shaft seal looked fine but the all of the gaskets were 24 years old so I thought I may as well order a kit. With everything cleaned, I reassembled but the leak remained. At that point I ordered this kit figuring I would do the entire job and save my spare shaft seal for the next time I needed one.  The kit arrived quickly and appeared to be all the correct parts. In addition to the kit, I also ordered the replacement impeller for my 1.5 HP Superpump (they now have a bronze threaded portion), thinking the current edition had the plastic threads which might fail and take out my new  shaft seal. Every surface was cleaned and the rubber components lightly lubricated for insertion. Once done, I reactivated the filtering system, no leaks, no unusual noises, just a quiet pump operating as it should.  All was good for a few days, however, the leak began again shortly thereafter. Thinking the housing gasket might be twisted or some other minor issue, I disassembled, inspected, and reassembled without finding a problem. No apparent crack in the housing, no twisted gaskets, no nothing.  At this point I am at a standstill. My suspicion is that the shaft seal has a defect which I cannot detect. As soon as I have a chance I will be installing my new, spare shaft seal. If the leak remains and is not the fault of this kit, I absolutely will update my review. If the seller offers to replace what might be a defective part, I will update with that also. STAY TUNED!  UPDATE July 13, 2017: Last Monday I replaced the new shaft seal which came in this kit with the one I had stashed away as an emergency spare. That particular seal had come directly from the Leslie's Pool store thirty miles from my home (a number of years ago). So far, no leaks have appeared. Seems the seal I purchased here is defective, so now I shall contact the seller to see what, if anything, they will do.", "This weed tool is similar to the Weed Hound by Hound Dog.  My neighbor has the Hound Dog and it works incredible well.  I wanted the same one but it appears it is no longer available.  I searched and this item came up after a week or so.  For some reason it did not come up in the original searches.  I have used both the Hound Dog and this Worth item and I also compared it to the Hound Dog, side by side.  The Hound Dog appears to be built a little better, it has a better brace at the foot, has 6 spines rather than the 5 on the Worth, and the Hound Dog is a bit heaver.  The length of the spines on the Worth is the same as the Hound Dog.  Although spines on the Hound Dog appear to be a little stronger but so far no issue with the Worth.  After trying the Worth weeder, I find it works much like the Hound Dog.  It pulls the weeds well on a normal lawn (not a dry surface).  I was able to pull large as well as smaller dandelion weeds with no issue.  Obviously using it on really dry soil would be more difficult, makes sense to use it when the soil has enough moisture to easily push into the ground.  I was able to pull some crab grass, where it was easy to spot the center.  This tool also makes it easy to pick up weeds from the surface that dropped off the initial pull or loosely sitting on the ground.  Basically you never need to lean down to pick a week up, just aim the tool into a bucket or collection bin and press on the top round handle and the mechanism releases the weed.  This certainly is easier on my back, I can gather as many weeds as I have time to remove and don't get a sore back.  Pulling a weed with this tool does create a small hole in the lawn as it pulls a plug out around the weed.  The hole is small but I did notice that they don't immediately disappear.  Could fill them in with a little dirt but I don't think it is necessary and acts much like an aeration plug which is good for the lawn.  Removing weeds is very easy with this tool.  But you do need to hit the cent of the weed, if you miss then you have to try again, which means a second hold.  But if you miss you can put the plug back into the hole using the tool,  The tool does allow easy manipulation of a weed or plug.  The pressing of the level on top to release the weed does require a good hit and this can start to wear down your palm after a large number of weeds.  But I find it less of an issue over the old Hound Dog.  Wearing a pair of work gloves does alleviate the pressure on the palm.  Also, I found you really don't have to hit it hard, you can press on it till it releases but it is a little slower.  I also own the Fiskar 3 claw weed remover.  I bought this several years ago and it does not work well on small weeds, only very large dandelions.  I found it too much of a hassle to use.  This Worth tool is many times better and easy to use.  You can make a serious dent on dandelion weeds in your lawn in short time using this tool.  I think the overall quality is ok, not a good as the Hound Dog but close.  I'll report back if anything falls apart but I think it is worth the cost.", "We used this stuff to help get rid of bed bugs (with a combination of several other things).  These work great for puffing them into corners around the walls, baseboards, bed frame, inside light and electrical outlet boxes, etc.  Anywhere bed bugs can hide.  Don't let it clump up though.  Keep it dusted around thin and evenly.  If it clumps up the bugs will just crawl around it.  Spread out evenly and it will scratch and get into bug's exoskeleton, dehydrate, and kill them.  Stuff works great.  You should see the critters try to move around a while after crawling over this stuff.  They don't look well by the way they move.  NOTE:  If you have bed bugs - you will definitely need this item, but hire a PROFESSIONAL to come out to get rid of them permanently.  A combination of cold treatment (compressed CO2), bug powder (Diatomaceous Earth), and chemical spray (rubbing alcohol kills on contact but evaporates fast - Temprid Sc Insecticide stays around for the long haul) works the best but should only be used by pros.  Bed bugs are VERY resilient, hide well, and live for a LONG time without a meal, and without the right tools AND KNOWLEDGE you will not be able to get rid of them.  Spend the money on a pro who guarantees their work with a warranty.  It is well worth the money.", 'Another review?  Yeah.  All because we don\'t understand all the negative reviews.  Our units work flawlessly.  But, we don\'t throw huge jobs at them.  Small hedge jobs?  Perfect.  Small clip jobs?  Perfect.  Small snip jobs (about " max)?  Perfect.  Plus we know it\'s a 4-volt battery.  That means one thing to us: the battery will need a recharge faster and sooner than our 12-volt battery screwdriver.  So, we knew these things coming in and we got our set in spite of it all.  For us, the tools are PERFECT.  They do exactly what we wanted of them. And, at my small hand size, I have no problem with the hedger.  We would buy this again and again.', '<div id="video-block-R3EPMD4Y622PP9" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81RIjcR8OZS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91RFjfHDi9S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I have what I believe is irrefutable evidence that the earth worms eat these.  I will provide pictures, and video of both earth worms living in the stakes, and also earth worm eggs.  I have used these for years.  They always pop up and when I go to look at them there is ALWAYS at least a layer of dirt in the bottom  of the spike, and sometimes the entire thing is filled with dirt.  Then I started seeing earth worms in the bottom of the spike were the dirt is.....  Then finally today, I pulled one out and there was white eggs in them.  I thought, FINALLY some evidence of termites! However, when I looked at them and out of a hunch, I typed in "earth worm eggs"  .  The eggs I saw didn\'t look like termite eggs.  I believe they are earth worm eggs for two very important reasons.  A. They look like earthworm eggs.  B. A termite queen is HUGE!  They not only could not be bothered to travel to one little spike to lay eggs, but ALSO, there is not way they could fit into the tiny holes to lay eggs!  I challenge the company to prove I am not looking at Earth Worm eggs, and that I don\'t have evidence to PROVE that earth worms eat these!  That\'s right, I am throwing down the Gauntlet.  Prove me wrong, PLEASE!  I feel bad about the knowledge that I have actually been poisoning earth worms...  They looked more like earth worm eggs. for one.', 'When I first looked at the construction of this canopy I thought, it\'s not made like the other brand I have. There are no supports going up to the apex, the top center support. What happens if it rains? Sure enough,  we got a little rain (So Cal) and it collapsed the top. I caught it in time to take down. Only up for 1 day. There is no way for the rain to run off. It would just puddle and start to droop the nylon. If there were supports on the corners to the top, then the tarp wouldn\'t sag. (Edit)  BTW, that was only .05" of rain in about 8 hours. Not much for SoCal. Since the box was damaged, I\'m going to keep this and try to make this work by adding additional supports on the top edges. That should take care of the sagging problems. Can\'t return. Shipping box got damaged! Update (01/25/2018) I added 4 supports from the apex down to the corners. Now there are supports for the fabric. I tore apart 2 old canopies to make this work. The canopy is nice and tight now. Should not have any problem with rain.', "My birds love this stuff! It evens smells delicious to me because of the fruit. A healthy mix that attracts several species of birds and stays fresh a long time. This bag was the perfect size and I feel I got a lot for my money. They packaged it very well to reduce the chance of a busted bag during shipment, which is always appreciated. I could tell right away the corn, seeds, millet etc. were very fresh and not a hint of mildew on anything. The blue jays pounced on the peanuts and fruit before the chipmunks could get them. I add mealey worms to the mix to encourage blue birds to visit the feeder (haven't been successful at that yet. Any hints on attracting more blue birds would be welcomed). I have read that nesting birds feed their chicks insects, not seeds. So I may cut back during the spring/summer months but still leave some out to help the busy parents with a snack while they are foraging for their babes. This is also great to leave beside the pond for nesting ducks. Never throw them bread and I don't throw it in the water because I've read it can get moldy. Better to leave it in the grass and observe from the car/house window while they eat fresh seed.", 'I had this feeder for less than an hour before returning it.  I have dozens of hummingbirds at my location and have used a plethora of feeders over the decades.  Long story short ... I prefer glass feeders to plastic.  Non decorative vs. decorative (decorations are for humans not the birds; birds can get caught in the froufrou decorations).  This feeder, while glass, has its issues.  The glass does not screw into the base.  Like a lens to a camera, you line up the bumps with the opening and turn about 20 degrees to " lock" glass into plastic base.  One of the 2 that I purchased didn\'t lock properly; hence leaking.  After getting the 2nd feeder properly filled, I attempted to affix it to the window.  I knew immediately it would be a challenge. The suction cups are tucked into a protective circle of hard plastic.  I am assuming this plastic gives the holder more stability on the feeder itself, but it doesn\'t allow you to push down on the suction cups to create the suction necessary for a proper hold. Putting suction cups on first and then sliding feeder over them wasn\'t successful either.  I am certain there are a few individuals who have gotten this feeder to hold properly. However, despite my degrees in math and engineering, I am not one of them.  I get great joy out of filling and hanging the feeders. The hummingbirds actually swarm around me when I am hanging them.  You shouldn\'t have to spend more than a few minutes doing so in addition to wondering whether the feeder will hold or break free (and break).  Perky Pet makes wonderful products; however, in my opinion, this is not one of them.', 'This product has been, by far, the best of ALL the fertilizers I\'ve tried; Scotts and others included. In fact, this one was even better at turning my grass green than the Scotts Southern w/ 2% iron. Since my last fertilization of my yard, I keep telling my wife I\'ve never seen our grass look so green. My visiting friend says it\'s "lush."  Right now, my grass is in the top 99 percentile for my neighborhood. That\'s not me bragging ... just trying to paint a clear picture of how amazing this product has been.  I just put it in one of those hand spreaders and do it. I did measure each section of my yard to get Sq. Ft., so I would know how much to put in each section. Sometimes, I just throw it out by hand. Bottom line, don\'t be so concerned about overdoing it. Just do it and your grass will love you for it.  As for bugs. Before I put it in, I would cut the grass and see flying bugs jumping through the grass as I was approaching with the lawnmower. I haven\'t seen that since applying this stuff.  I live in Central Florida and have St. Augustine (Floratam) and I water three times a week.  Disclosure: This is my THIRD time fertilizing this season and my grass was looking good to begin with. I have it on my calendar to fertilize every two months from March through November.', 'First off, I\'m a newbie Gardner. My pepper plants were all turning yellow. I heard it could be nitrogen deficiency. I never tested my soil, I just added some of this, and all my plants turned back to green and even shot up about 2 inches in height the sane week. After that - I planted some peppers and a self watering container that I made myself, I decided to go ahead and just add some nitrogen to the soil when I was mixing the soil. Those plants seem to be doing great! 5 stars!  Added Update: I noticed someone subtracted stars not based on the product but based on their inability to do math. SMH: Information states: 1 cup of fertilizer for a 20 square foot garden, how many tbsp will you need per each square foot? There are 16 tbsp spoons in one cup. 16 tbsp divided by 20 = 0.8 tbsp. So each square foot should get appropriately 4/5 of a tbsp , so just a little shy of 1 tbs per square foot. I just go ahead and put 1 tbs per square foot. Most people who add it to their pots, know that not only is the width of the pot important, but also the depth of the pot to get the accurate measurement. The information is all there, just need to do math. You take the number and configure how much is needed for your individual pot size. I have a sqaure foot garden and also 5 gallon buckets. I never seen any fertilizer that gives exact measurements per pot, especially since each pot size is different. I will have to say that I with the few 5 gallon buckets I have: I actually added 1 table spoon to the potting mix before transplanting my seedlings along with 2 tbsp of Jobes organic fertilizer; I planted peppers, and tomatoes. Those were doing better than most of my garden, super green lush and producing lots of great stuff. Based on the "product" I think this is a great product, based on a person\'s inability to do math? Your just wrong for that one.', 'Yes, it is a very light hose. When they say "zero G", they really, really mean it. I don\'t say that as a compliment.  The problem is, no, it is not ultra flexible, except when it doesn\'t have water in it.  Worse, it has a mind of its own. It will suddenly leap up off the ground and flop over onto my delicate potted plants, smashing their branches and even knocking smaller pots over.  I bought this hose to replace an $8 drinking-water-quality hose I\'d found at WalMart. The reason that I didn\'t find that hose acceptable was that it\'s pretty stiff plastic, which meant that it required a lot of space in which to drag it around in a wide circle. I have a very small yard which I have packed full of potted plants, with narrow walking paths all through the pots. I needed a TRULY "ULTRA FLEXIBLE" hose to navigate through the yard.  The best hose that I\'ve ever used for tiny, fussy spaces like this is the kind that is sold as an "RV hose". These hoses, too, are very lightweight and very flexible, but *they lay flat on the ground* as you walk around with them, even if there is a trigger sprayer on the end. However, they recently stopped making those hoses with metal ends. I broke the plastic end of one of them after only 6 months, and the last one I bought came pre-leaking. So I had to give up on that kind of hose.  But it never occurred to me that I could expect the Zero-G to rear up several feet in the air and lay waste to my fuchsias and drag dirt all over my clothing in the process, and then continue to flop back and forth onto the plants as I pulled it down the garden path.  It doesn\'t help to turn the pressure to the hose down. When I do so, yes, the hose does relax quite a bit, but ONLY as long as I am pulling the trigger. As soon as I let go of the trigger, the pressure in the hose builds up again allowing it to stiffen so that it can continue its snake-dance. So I need to walk around with the hose constantly running to maintain its flexibility. And anyway, to get this relaxation effect, I have to turn the pressure down so far that I then don\'t have sufficient pressure to complete my tasks.  If you have a big, wide open lawn in which to wrestle with this magic snake, or if you just need to drag a hose across the driveway to wash a car, then this is probably a good hose for you. I recommend wearing your bathing suit, though, because the hose *will* bounce up off the ground and attack you. Also great for kids who want to pretend to be snake charmers.  (I\'m not sure, but I think the reason that it behaves this way is that the inner plastic hose is not actually attached to the outer cloth sleeve. Thus, even if I am firmly grasping the hose with two hands, it can still merrily twist out of my grasp.)  Other than the difficulty controlling the hose, I don\'t like the material itself. I had assumed that because this is a *hose*, the cloth sleeve wouldn\'t be absorbent. I don\'t want to get so wet simply because I am watering my pots.', "Let me start off by saying that I didn't have huge expectations for this lawn mower when i bought it. That is what makes this review all the worse. It is hard to be disappointed when your expectations are low. My good lawn mower died on me at the end of July. I didn't have a ton of money to spend this late in the season on a replacement so I was looking for something relatively inexpensive that could get me through the rest of this year. If it didn't work next year not the end of the world. I looked on amazon at several different models and for the price and the reviews this one seemed like it would work. It had some negative reviews but more good than bad so I figured those few who wrote bad reviews just were unlucky or expected too much for the price. I was wrong. This thing is the biggest waste of money every. If you pay 20 bucks for it you over spent because all it is good for is scrap. I took the lawn mower out of the box CAREFULLY followed all of the directions for set up pulled the rip cord and... nothing. Not only nothing but the cord didn't go back in. I rewound the rip cord and tried again... still nothing. Amazon of course DOES NOT DO RETURNS on lawn mowers. I've called the company to see if I could get any help but apparently they close at 5pm est... Even if they fix it for free... which i doubt they will this has been such a headache that I still feel like I should at least get some money back... but it doesn't look like that is going to happen. How can you sell someone a broken piece of crap that doesn't work straight out of the package and do nothing for the customer? What a load of crap. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!! If you are given it as a GIFT GIVE IT BACK THAT IS HOW MUCH THIS SUCKS!", "I bought filter for a 10ft x 30in summer scape pool which is about 1200 gallons of water. This pump is the smallest in the Intex sand filter line and puts out 1050 gph. I have had it now for a bought a week and it is really keeping the pool water clear. Before with the original filter that came with the pool my younger son, nieces, and there friends used it once and the pool was really dirty and would not clean at all. So picked this pump and the pool is crystal clear and I run it for only two hrs a day with the kids playing in it every day. For the price it's worth getting only if it's for one summer, or use it till it breaks. If you want easier  maintenance get the Intex salt water chlorinator also worth it. You can do pool chemicals but you have to keep up on a lot more. The only thing I don't like about this size filter is the leaf trap and how it's designed on this smallest of the Intex sand filter pump. Wish it was designed like the other ones. You have to stop the water flow from pool to pump with valves or plug and on the bigger ones 2100 gph and higher you don't need to cut of the flow of water to clean out the leaf trap. But still a kickass little pump.  Please anyone who reads this and decides to buy any Intex sand filter pump, please put the size of your pool and the size of the sand filter pump you got. It would help people pick the right pump size for there pool. And how long you run it for. Thanks", 'I ordered this as a replacement for the pump that came with our Intex 52" by 24 ft round metal frame pool.  We\'ve had our pool going on 4 years & the pump finally burned out. After searching several different sites & sellers on Amazon, I chose this one.  My husband kept telling me just get a pump. For about an extra 40 bucks, I got the whole system!  Not only did it hook in perfectly with our pool, no need for adapters, I didn\'t have to worry about another part of the system failing.  I love the peace of mind knowing it\'s all new and not having to worry about something else failing & ruining our summer swim season! This pump came with all the hoses we needed to hook it right up, just like when the pool was new out of the box! It\'s Gray, just as pictured while our other one was blue and light tan (which makes no difference to me) and actually seems to work better than the one that came with our pool.  Before we could not vacuum through the pump because it put cloudy particles back into the pool (which may have been an issue with our sand filter but I\'m not sure). This one we have no problems with, we vacuum at least once a week to keep the few leaves & tree debris from promoting algae and we are good to go! It also seems like we are using less chlorine so far this year & the water is staying crystal clear! My husband does most of the pool maintenance & says it seems like it backwashes and rinses out better than the last pump & filter also. We have been using this pump for about 2 months & loving it. Hoping it holds up another 4 years or better like the last one!', "We already have a Weber Genesis stainless steel grill and wanted a grill for our eventual retirement home in SC.  We didn't want to spend a lot because we already have a nice grill we'd eventually be moving there.  After a great deal of research we settled on the Weber Spirit.  And much to our surprise we got more performance than we expected.  Our Genesis has a sear burner, and because of that the left side of the grill does what I expect from an expensive grill.  The right side of the Genesis, not so much.  After using the smaller Spirit I can see the three burners heating a smaller cooking area provide me with much the same result I get on the left side of our Genesis.  Of course after retiring we'll be moving the Genesis to sit side by side with the Spirit.  I already know I'll be using the Spirit most of the time and using the Genesis only when we have guests and need more cooking surface.  However, if I were starting again and needed a grill with a larger cooking area I believe I'd get two Spirit grills instead of a Genesis or Summit.  That's how much I like the Spirit E320.  It heats more evenly across the entire surface of the grill than any grill I've ever used, and that includes some fairly pricey equipment owned by friends.  One thing I want to mention is the cast iron grill grates.  When my son-in-law installed the grates on the grill he placed them just as I've seen them in every store where I've see the grill, with the pointy end of the V-shape pointing up.  It seems logical.  However, when installed this way the horizontally running support bar interferes with the smooth surface and you can't slip a spatula across the entire grill.  Examining the grill grate more closely you will see what looks to be little pads in the corners where the grill grate would be resting on the firebox.  I flipped the grill grates over and now use them that way, even though at first it seems wrong.  I believe this is how Weber intends them to be installed.  And BTW, although I have the stainless steel grates on my Genesis I don't really prefer one grill grate type over the other.  Even heat over the entire cooking surface is what I'm looking for, and that's what I get with the Spirit E320.  In case you're wondering about the utility of the side burners, I find them quite useful as I don't have to keep running back and forth to the kitchen to attend to something on the stovetop.  If you feel Webers are overpriced, a comment I've heard when looking over grills at the big box stores, I feel they're worth it.  I purchased my new Genesis when I saw that Weber changed their burner arrangement from across to up and down.  The Genesis I was using at the time was 23 years old.  I gave it to a friend who is still using it.  The only thing that's been changed is the burner units, and it's now 27 years old and still cooking.  How many grills left outdoors and mostly uncovered last that long?  None that I know of.", 'Once assembled the product is exactly what I wanted which was an electric with no charcoal and gas fuss and most importantly a rotisserie. It\'s light weight, 23 pounds or so, and as long as you have an electrical outlet you can use the product. The heating element were able to be adjusted to one of 3 different positions which was what I wanted, flat, 45 degrees, and perpendicular, or verticle position for rotisserie function which I really wanted.  My product search showed no other product available that did this and was the clincher for buying the product. Now the downside: 1. The package was delivered and left out in the rain and got soaked but did not damage the product. We all know plastic bags are available.  FedEx was the culprit. Just irresponsible. 2. The assembly brochure is written hieroglyphics. Blurry illustrations and badly written text explanations. It\'s a mishmash of information intermingling several different models.  I had to look at the carton to determine what model I bought by manufacturers part number to tie in the instructions. 3. The nuts and bolts assembly required did not include lock washers...now really, we all know things come lose without washers, which I had in my workshop and provided myself...we are talking pennies here. 4. The temperature adjustment dial had numbers printed on the circular label that was of a font size and style that was barely readable. Large more readable numbers would be nice.    Items 1-4 are minor in the overall and easily corrected. I imagine there is a YouTube page showing the product assembly and if not should be. I did not check to see and the product information did not reference a page that I recall.    By the way, ran the product through the fully adjustable temperature range and it worked fine and had it set at the highest range to burn off any left on manufacturing oils even after I washed down the internal surfaces with a mild detergent...<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Easy-Street-Electric-Tabletop-Grill-with-easy-view-window-and-rotisseri/dp/B0007XXNS6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Easy Street Electric Tabletop Grill with easy-view window and rotisseri</a>....now to put that tasty chicken on the spit and use the rotisserie. 5. I was left with a bolt, nut, and small flange assembly which I have not a clue of how it\'s used.']
['I\'ll admit, I\'m a bit biased when it comes to MGS. I love the series with an incredible passion, and I absolutely adore the character\'s chemistry with each other. So, since I can\'t bring myself to do an honest review, I\'ll just state what\'s contained in the HD collection.  The disc has three games inside it. Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty, and Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker. The latter being a PSP 4-player co-op exclusive.  The Pros: >Very much unlike the SIlent Hill HD Collection, the game itself wasn\'t tampered with. They just buffed up the graphics and that\'s it. >MGS:PW no longer requires "AD-HOC Party" or "XLINK KAI" in order to play co-op with your friends. >Both MGS2 and MGS3 contain their "improved" versions, Substance and Subsistance. This means that you will be able to play MGS3 with a fully rotating camera. Fitting for the "always be aware" jungle atmosphere.  The Cons: >Almost all of the hilarious easter eggs were stripped from MGS3. I don\'t know why, but even the tiny things, such as Snake\'s dream, are absent from this release. >I realize that enhancing something takes money and time, but textures in the games are incredibly bad. They still have their PS2 textures with an HD update, which makes it look really silly when you compare the the beautiful rain to a badly textured box side by side. >Remember all those fun times you had with Peace Walker on your PSP? Remember when you finally beat that Custom Hind-D? Well, if you\'re looking for trophies, then it\'s time to do that ALL OVER AGAIN. That\'s right, all the the EX OPS, all those weapons, ALL OVER AGAIN. All for bragging rights.  Though the cons are REALLY annoying (especially the MGS3 easter eggs), this game is still a must-play if you think Uncharted started the "movie-game" wave. However, I must warn you: Please don\'t pull a "DSP!" The game\'s controlling mechanics are obviously outdated, as these games came out around 2005 (except Peace Walker). Just saying.', "These work great. I had a big problem with pantry moths.  Of course, you can't just rely on these.  You must take action to throw out any food in doubt.  The life cycle of these moths is several months.  I threw out much food,  You would not believe the tiny spaces the larvae worms will live in.  They only need a spec of food to live on.  Unscrew a cap from one of your jars and you may find one in the groves of the bottle or one in a box of clear wrap.  They hide on your wire shelves.  Food that seems clumpy are a clue that a larvae is living in that food.  I had to go through a lot to get rid of the moths, but I did the hard work and I got rid of them.  If you want to get rid of them clean out your pantry, vacuum the walls and shelves, wash the shelves with a clorax mixture, paint the pantry, and use these traps.  Do not place two traps close together; 20-feet apart is the recommended distance.  These traps attract the male moths with the scent the female moth sends out. If they are too close together, it confuses the male moth and he doesn't know where to go.  I placed one trap in the pantry, and in every closet I had in the house, and one on top of the refrigerator.  Once a larvae turns into a moth, it flies around looking for the scent of a female and the moth can go into another closet and settle there.  Moths like to fly high and they are most active at night and are attracted to light.  So place these traps at the highest point in closets.  This trap will not help with females; but then if there are no male moths around, the female cannot mate to lay eggs, which turn into larvae in about 2 weeks.  The eggs are almost impossible to see. I found a few; they just looked like tiny yellow stains and you would not know they are eggs.  The damaging stage of these moths is the larvae stage.  Once they are moths, they no longer eat.  But they then mate and lay more eggs and the cycle begins again.  I thought I had done an excellent job of finding the larvae and getting rid of it.  I even put the pantry food I did not throw out into Lock and Lock containers to isolate anything I missed.  And I did miss some.  I could see a moth in a few containers and opened then opened the container outside and  threw out the food in that container.  I also put some of the pantry food in the refrigerator, which is a place the moths will not go nor survive in.  But I still caught about 27 moths after that in these traps.  I found at least one of 2 moths in the traps in each closet ( and found a garment or two with moth-eaten holes in them) and a lot of moths in the pantry trap and the trap on top of the refrigerator.  You just have to be diligent, patient, and do the work that must be done to get rid of them.  By the way, I got the moths from birdseed I had stored on the back porch.  When I opened the container of bird seed, some moths flew out and my back door must have been every-so-slightly opened for them to get into the house.  Foolish of me, I did not get rid of that bird seed immediately.  I knew birds ate moths so thought it would be ind.  I never figured on the moths flying into the house.  I did not know I had them until they became a problem.  The sooner you see them the easier it is to get rid of them because one female moth can lay up to 300 eggs!  The moth life cycle slows down in cool weather and is probably non-existent in  the very cold.  But the eggs can last longer than a year before they hatch so don't get fooled - do the work your need to do to rid your home of them.", "Additional information to,answer some questions. April 30, 2017  These are not meant to keep plants from getting diseases like blossom end rot (calcium deficiency in the soil) or keep tomato horn worms off the fruit or cure blight or other diseases.  The craters are not designed to hold water.  These protect the base of the plants from slugs and keep moisture near the stem.  I have used mine for years and they are very sturdy.  The original premise was that the red color reflected on the tomatos making them ripen faster.  There are other items that make the same claim like red plastic lining and those cheap flimsy red ones with a slit that tear the plant to pieces and break in half when trying to get them around the stem.  I have both these and the Automator which is a similar product.  These are far superior; they are heavy duty plastic and hold up very well over the years.  They come in two sections with a large hole for the plant stem.  They are very easy to install as the two pieces snap together with no damage to the plants.  The bottom Is flat so I just wiggle it a little in the dirt and they sit flat, it has drainage holes.  It keeps snails and slugs away from your plants. I use mine with both square folding tomato cages and the ultimate tomato cage that is triangular.  I usually have a spectacular crop of tomatoes but I don't know that is entirely the use of the craters. I replaced all my automaters with these!", 'I had an old steel shed, on a concrete pad that was in place when we bought out house. It was a little marginal when we moved in, and has only gotten moreso over the years. I decided it was finally time to replace it. My goals were: had to fit on current pad. I wanted to be able to stand upright easily. I wanted it brighter, and well ventilated - the old shed was perpetually dark and dank, with about a 5 foot height at the peak.  I started looking at this shed due to it\'s unique size. There are lots of 8x10 sheds, but this was 10x8 - the door was on the long dimension. Not only would this fit my pad better, it meant items have less of a tendency to end up "in the back" behind a bunch of other things.  Shopped a lot, and ultimately ordered here on Amazon, as the price was substantially better than my local stores. While shopping/waiting, watched a few YouTube videos on assembly (search on 10x8, not 8x10). Not necessary, but picked up a few tips, that might have saved us a little "figuring out time".  Shed arrived in just a few days - much faster than I thought. Mine was shipped via Ceva Logisitics. They were great. Got a call when it was available, to schedule delivery, and had emails almost every day with status and reminders. They delivered at the scheduled time, and maneuvered the delivery into my backyard patio (a somewhat complicated path) as requested.  It arrived on a very long pallet - at least double long, and standard width. They had a pallet jack, but it was complicated as they had to carry it in the "long" dimension" to get through gates. and the "nose" tended to drag. Two boxes, stacked on top of each other. My neighbor joked that it looked like a coffin. That is about the size. perhaps a bit taller. The shipping weight was between 500 and 600 pounds.  I\'m 50ish, and fairly handy. I arranged for a couple of my nephews to spend some time with me to assemble. One is Jr Hi, one is High school - also fairly handy.  I would say the three of us spent about 12 hours, across 2 days, pulling out the old shed, and assembling this one. Probably only a couple hours were spent on the old shed, so call it 10 hours. Please bear in mind we had a very solid, level, concrete pad all ready to go. If you need to prepare an area, you will need to factor in that additional time. This seems REALLY important to get a good level base under it. You could do it with 2 people, although that third set of hands was really good to have now and then. 2 people might take a bit longer. It would be a struggle with one person I think.  Shed went up with no real issues. We could do it again in much less time, as we would save the "figure it out" portion. The instructions are good. Mostly pictures, with minimal verbiage. Where there is verbiage, PAY ATTENTION to it. All parts bags are labeled, so do not open them until you need them. We spent a fair bit of time cross-referencing parts to make sure we had the right things. We spent a little time fiddling with the door and latch. You\'ll need screwdrivers, wrenches or sockets. Pliers. A step ladder. A rubber mallet was useful - perhaps not necessary. Once the walls go up (very quickly) if you are in the sun, it can get a little warm in there. There are *alot* of screws, and they recommend not using a screw gun. a side not: A bunch of extra screws. I really appreciate that. IF you loose one, you are not in too much trouble.  The completed shed is very nice. 3 windows (two in front, one in rear which opens). 2 skylights. 2 screened vents. A shelf running the full length of the two short walls (front to back), and 2 corner shelves. You can rearrange where you put the shelves. We found that the steel rails that hold the shelves added to the structural strength of the two side walls, so we put one on each. The steel truss system that holds up the roof is VERY strong. The shed has a somewhat complicated roofline, so there are a bunch of pieces there. You can make the walls bow a bit if you lean into them (perpahs not as bad as mu old steel shed). The aforementioned steel shelving rails help that quite a bit. There are a bunch of other accessories you can buy - shelves, hooks, baskets etc. The door has a spot for a padlock. I\' guessing this is more of deterrent, as this is after all a vinyl shed. One door (left) anchors top and bottom with a deadbolt. The other door (right) has the latching mechanism. You only need to open the right door to enter exit the shed. If you open both, you have a very wide opening, for wheelbarrows, snowblowers or the like. There is a page that tells you how to level the shed with shims if the doors are binding.  The shed is not anchored to the ground - although that would not be hard to do. It does have a floor, so once there is a few hundred pounds of assorted garden equipment in there, it is not likely to go anywhere. If you live in an area with really high winds, or you are building it in a really open windy area, on top of a hill or something you might want to take steps.  The door is about 6\'4" in height at the center. The truss system is several inches higher than that, about 6\'8" . Most folks will clear ok, or if not, you may need to duck in the door. The actual roof peak is about 8". The lowest part of the roof - at the wall is about 6\'. Very bright and airy inside. The shed looks very nice - it is light tan, with brown doors and roof.  Had a light rain today. Seems watertight. The rood drainage system is clever.  Very pleased. Hope this is useful.', 'This little dude does its job, but it could certainly be better.  I could not find the specs of this thing anywhere in the description, but so you know, it is 36" from handle to tip.  You could get up to 32" of it into the ground, which is pretty deep.  Of course, unless you have full sand or very clean and freshly dumped soil, good luck getting it that far in the ground...  The tube is 5/8" thick.  If you hit anything hard (read: small rock) while trying to cram this into the ground, then you have to pull it out and try again somewhere else.  The plus side is, you\'ll be aerating the heck out of your garden.  Also, the hole at the tip is very small...  Which is fine, since it\'s just for water.  But, get a tiny little pebble in there while you\'re driving it into the earth, and good luck getting water to come out of it - the hole is plugged!  Carry a small awl or pocket screwdriver with you.  I think your best bet is trying to drive it in while the water is on, using the water pressure to bore the hole.  Problem with that is, this thing can generate a lot of pressure, and depending on what type of soil you\'re pushing it into, you might be in for a very wet surprise.  I will caution, once you finally do get this thing in the ground, don\'t turn your water on full blast.  I have no doubt that if you do, it will quickly begin working on creating the next underground cavern below your garden.  The tip does not diffuse the water, so it is a massive water jet (this thing shoots a steady stream a good 40\' out of the box, with full water pressure).  One other annoying thing - is the coating.  Not that the coating is bad, it\'s a very nice powder coat finish. But, remember those rocks and rough soil?  The finish near the tip of mine was worn off after just a few uses, and the now unprotected tip is already rusting like crazy.  A year of use, and I suspect there will be no tip at all, just a rusty piece of 5/8" tube left.  All in all, it does do the job, but I wouldn\'t expect this thing to last more than a couple of seasons, unless you have perfect soil (which I apparently do not).', "Best two-fer ever! I just bought a 1900 style fixer upper in older neighborhood. Lawn (ha) was mostly dandelions crabgrass and assorted other things. Did not have a lawn mower. The lawn is about 1200 square feet backs onto an alley that is dirt public right of way. Heavy weeds. Had not been mowed even by late May. Neighbors mostly mowed twice already or more.  Took a little learning curve like weed wack first and I had mismatched the height on the mower deck front and,rear but...could not have done the job with a Toro mower. The guy next door struggles with his gas power to do the same job. And then he doesn't get the same finish!  This machine weed wacks and mows! Edges,great.  It feels like you are running a carpet vacuum over your lawn. Very light. Easy to maneuver even with some arthritic hands.  Very not disappointed in this purchase.", 'This is the first hedge trimmer I\'ve ever bought and I\'m glad I did.  We live in the inland Pac NW region.  The blackberry bushes around here will absolutely take over if you don\'t keep them in check.  That was the main purpose for buying this trimmer.  I chose the DeWalt because I have several of their cordless tools already and the batteries are compatible.  Right out of the package this thing was ready to go.  Add charged battery, remove blade cover, annihilate blackberry bushes.  It easily cut through the very tough runners, some over 3/4" thick.  Then it was just a matter of raking up the debris and throwing it on the burn pile.  This tool probably isn\'t the lightest but it\'s easily manageable.  The blades are razor sharp and it\'s long enough to reach some harder-to-get areas.  I ran it for over 40 minutes and didn\'t notice a decrease in the battery power.  Not having an electrical cord gives me the freedom to carry this tool all over the 10 acre property.  The fit and finish of the tool is typically DeWalt...perfect.  I started buying the DeWalt cordless stuff 3 or 4 years ago when I found a nice drill/driver on sale and I\'m a total convert now.  If it\'s not yellow and black, I don\'t really want it.  Every piece of DeWalt equipment I\'ve bought has performed flawlessly.  Couldn\'t be happier.', "OK, here is a great invention with a product handled by a terrific company. Smart Pool. THE FACTS: I live in Miami Florida and yes it is hot here in the summer however my pool has a lot of landscape and palms around it which provides shade to about 2/3 of the pool so my pool water rarely gets to the desirable temperature it normally stays between 82 to 85 in the summer while the temperature outside is 91 to 95. we like the water in between 88 and 90 especially those days when we use it in the evening and into the night.  THE PROCESS: My pool holds about 12,000 gals of water so as per their chart I needed two boxes (4 panels) but I went ahead and ordered 3 boxes (6 panels). I installed it myself with the help of my two sons and took us a few hours. I ran the piping myself as well. at the first try it didn't work - there was too much pressure on the pump and there was not enough flow to run the jets so I contacted the Company directly (Smart pool) and this is the part that gets really good.  THE COMPANY: Their customer service was great; it exceeded my expectations. They took all the necessary time on the phone to review the installation I had done, the layout, etc. we even traded pictures over the email so they consulted with their experts and came back with recommendations including changing the configuration of the piping connecting to the pool pump and worked with me all the way through until it was resolved. Kudos to this company for their superb Customer Service.  THE PRODUCT: I am Completely satisfied with this product. it is a great invention and works well - easy to install. I was expecting to raise the temperature of my pool  water by 4 to 5 degrees and to my surprise it went from 86 to 93 by the the second day. I hope I can extend my summer a month or two here in Florida with this Sunheater. BTW: the water stays warm at night as well it only cools down 1 to 2 degrees through the night. We are enjoying it!", "I have quite a few earthboxes and I'm always ready to add more.  Many years ago, before I discovered Earthboxes, I purchased a couple of simiar, but different planters from another source.  Those original planters used a heavy capillary mat to wick water into the soil.  The capilary mat support eventually collapsed, but the planters are still being used today by my neighbor.  I rigged up a support by poking holes in an inverted inexpensive litter tray and placing a brick under the center to support the weight of the soil and plants.  I've found Earthboxes to be superior to those original planters and would be lost in our hot, unforgiving summers without them.  Although I have a few raised beds, they never produce as well as veggies I grow in earthboxes. We still have many of the older ones without casters that are difficult to move, but the newer ones with casters are a dream come true.  Now I can roll the maters under some shelter from the scorching sun or position plants as needed to assist nature.  Being able to fill the reservior instead of time-consuming, labor intesive watering duty cuts down on stress the plants experience and saves me time. Not having to weed endlessly makes gardening a pleasure. My neighbor and I have both found many methods to replace the elastic covers instead of endlessly purchasing them. You can purchase dolomite or lime from any garden center, look for deals on good granular plant food and use trash bags or other methods to cover the planters when the covers wear out. The planters keep right on going, year after year. Periodically replacing or refreshing the potting soil is beneficial, but aside from the original purchase, the cost of gardening with them goes down over time.  The fact that it makes it easier and more pleasant to grow more of your own fresh veggies is reason enough to consider them.  Some people build supports to hold them off the ground making it easier to tend.  Note on homemade EBs.  Been there, done that.  Several years ago, we put together quite a few homemade earthboxes using instructions on the internet.  We used large tote boxes and they worked fine for a couple of seasons. The materials just don't hold up.  After a couple of years of baking in the sun, they began to crack if you tried to move them.  Then they would crack or crumble if you bumped them.  We had to toss all of the homemade EBs and clean up the mess.  They were cheaper than purchasing new EBs, but not so cheap in the long run because they don't last. Some of my earthboxes are quite a few years old and holding up just fine. I wish too that they were less expensive, but considering how durable they are, they're still worth it.", 'Was 3 stars now 2.  Update 08/2018: few uses in and the rubber gasket that holds the quick connect is busted spraying water. Also the foam coverage is terrible. It works like the 1/3 of the time. Get a different seriously. This one is junk.  I\'d like to give this more than 3 stars but the problem with this is that the only instructions come half English/half Chinese. This come with 2 "O" ring gaskets and the picture instructions did not state where they go, but I ended up figuring it out. They go on the end where the quick connect connects. There were no instructions on how to actually make the foam, it took a few trial and errors from the twist cap on top and the nozzle on the end to figure it out. It was not rocket science but I\'d like to read what the manufacture suggests the settings for optimization would be and this had none. Just a box, the bottle, the top pressure mount fitting, and the "O" rings, with 1 page of simple instructions that show you how to connect.  This foam cannon did work with my "Sun Joe SPX3000 Pressure Joe 2030 PSI 1.76 GPM" with out issue. It is kind of a pain since the "Sun Joe SPX3000 Pressure Joe 2030 PSI 1.76 GPM" has a long handle and then you add this to it, there is no "tommy gun" like grip to take the pressure of the weight of the foam cannon off your hands/arms.  Overall this is a "ok" basic cannon and nothing to write home about.', 'I was a bit apprehensive when ordering this as prior reviews mentioned that it was too short for anyone close to 6\' tall.  I had no issues using this when edging about 50\' yesterday.  We have a sandy clay soil with bermuda.  That\'s a reasonably tough environment for an edger.  My prior edger started bending at the neck, so I retired it before it decided to break and injure me somehow.  This edger seems to feel substantially solid with the metal going up pretty far up the handle.  The round handle looks interesting.  In use, it is really easy to grip comfortably.  I may have to retire my d-handle shovels and try out these o-handles instead.  My old edger just had a long handle, and that often left blisters even after short use.  The o-handle seemed to make it easier as I was able the rock the edger back and forth with ease.  I had my hands in the 10 o\'clock and 2 o\'clock positions, and that seems to provide enough downward pressure and lateral stability.  I hope the manufacturer can find suitable manufacturing facilities outside of China.  With their corporate and government human rights record, you just never know how much blood and human sacrifice has gone into the end product.  This product is unique enough that I feel a bit of a premium for non-China manufacture would be worth the cost.  In addition, it\'s not uncommon to see the proprietary design "leak" to another China based manufacturer, and all of a sudden, cheap clones flood the market.  IP protection is not something that China is interested in.', "Should be #7107 cover. Box indicates # 7107. However, cover does not fit - too small. Looking @ tag in the cover - it reads... #7106. Wrong size product put in box. Had to ship back for refund. Would like to receive correct cover as the quality is excellent. UPDATE 9/16: Received refund as soon as UPS picked up the package. But the vendor still does not understand the problem. When I attempted to place the cover on the grill, it was too small - short in width & depth. Looking @ my current Weber cover ( which has deteriorated) the white tag on inside corner read 7553. So I knew I ordered the correct cover - 7553 / 7107 from King Kong. So I checked the white tag on inside of the Kong cover - it read...7106, which is a smaller cover for a smaller Weber. SO HERE'S THE PROBLEM !... SOMEONE @ THE VENDORS FACILITY PLACED THE WRONG SIZED COVER ( 7106 ) IN THE RIGHT SIZED BOX (7107 )  FINAL UPDATE : Vendor has been extremely courteous & apologetic. He shipped me another 7107 grill cover and... IT FITS PERFECTLY ! Great looking cover, far better than my original Weber cover . Wouldn't hesitate to do business with this vendor in the future.", "Overall, this is a pretty good device.  I'm going to tell you what I don't like first, because there's just a couple things I don't like.  Those things might be deal-breakers for some people.  The electronics on this smoker are sketchy, meaning the control panel would sometimes just blink out when I was adjusting the temperature or time settings.  I played with the controls for a while, plugged and unplugged the smoker, and then it started working.  The remote control sometimes turned the unit off when I pushed a button, too.  I sat with the smoker for about 3 of 4 hours while smoking a beef brisket, and the smoker controls never missed a beat thereafter.  The next thing I don't like is having to put pellets (preferred) or chips into the smoker tube every 45 minutes to an hour.  That's ridiculous.  I have a great solution -- use at your own risk -- to defeat this problem.  More on that later.  I also wish the temperature setting would go up to 300 deg F instead of 275 deg F.  The last thing is getting a smoker with glass in front is a waste of time and money and just another thing to worry about if the seal went bad or the glass got broken, in my opinion, of course.  The glass smokes and smudges up so badly so quickly that I wish I had just gotten a 40 inch smoker with no window.  Yes, I know I can clean the glass every time with some white vinegar.  Ok, now to the good.  I love the fact that this unit can be used with a cold smoker.  It has made some fantastic smoked cheese for me in about 2 hours.  I like the fact that the thermostat kicks the unit's heating element back on when the temperature falls 2-3 degrees below the target temperature.  I like all the drip pans and trays.  I like the built in meat probe, altho I bought a separate aftermarket wireless meat probe just to keep the Masterbuilt probe honest.  There is about 9 deg F difference between the 2 probes so far.  I like the fact that this unit is electric, so I don't have to worry (I hope) about it not continuing to heat (compared to running out of propane), unless the power goes out for some reason.  It is rated at 10A @ 120VAC, so be prepared to use some juice while this unit is heating up.  The cold smoke is rated at 1.5A @ 120VAC, as a side note, but you should not be running them both together at the same time UNLESS you want to try something I have done *at your own risk*:  I bought a 6 inch and a 12 inch smoking cube.  I don't care what brand you buy.  I bought what was cheapest while still earning good reviews.  So I don't have to babysit this smoker every 45 minutes to an hour and add pellets, I light up the 6 inch cube for 2 hours smoke, or I light up the 12 inch cube for about 4 hours smoke.  They work very well, and they are pretty consistent for the 2 and 4 hours durations.  I am even thinking about buying a couple more tubes to have them loaded up and ready to light for longer smoking projects.  The only problem I can see with using the cubes is I have to open the door to replace the cubes, and that lets some of the heat and smoke out, but these cubes produce their own heat (helps with the maintaining of internal temp) and smoke so quickly that it really doesn't matter.  The other thing I have done is to shoot smoke in from the cold smoker into the main body of the smoker and not use the chip/pellet tube at all.  The heating element in the smoker itself will heat up the insides, and the cold smoker outside produces the smoke up to about 6 hours has been my experience so far.  Again, do so at your own risk.  I did not have good results using the smoker outside in the wind in cold weather.  Again, do this at your own risk:  I put my smoker right inside the door of the garage so it's protected from the wind on 3 sides (I have machine shed type doors that slide side to side, not up and down), and I opened the door a bit to let the smoke out and some cold air in.  That helps quite a bit.  If I had to do it all over again, I would not buy the 40 incher with the glass front.  I would get the 40 inch with the simplest and most reliable controls as well.  I would also make sure the smoker allows for the addition of the cold smoker.  This is a must, in my opinion.  The cold smoker is soooo great for smoking cheese.", "I really wanted to get an all metal bubbler for my gardening needs, but being unable to find anything but junk, I ended up relenting and purchasing this plastic unit from Melnor instead, albeit with some hesitation. I was pleasantly surprised to find that it performed wonderfully and worked as well if not better than I had dared hope.  A couple things to point out about this unit, which set it apart from some of the other, less desirable options out there (Orbit, or if you want, Ray Padula is the same unit as Orbit for twice the price). First and foremost, unlike the competitors, this unit from Melnor is made in Taiwan, as opposed to PRC/China. For anyone that's handled product from the former, you will not be surprised to find that it far exceeds the quality of the latter. Secondly, build quality is very good, even for plastic. It feels like good, higher density plastic and not just cheap/junk plastic that you'd expect from most Asian manufacturing. I was pleasantly surprised by this. Third, if you compare with other units, you'll see that only this Melnor one has the full hex bolstering around the hose connection. Competitors like Orbit have a much weaker connection with ridges rather than full on hex flats, and are not as strong. This is where you'll put the most stress on the unit, so beefier is definitely better. Melnor got this right where the others clearly opted to go cheaper.  Another nice feature that this unit has is the adjuster on the top. It actually does work and gives you what I would call some fine tuning of the flow rate at the unit, as opposed to having to do it all from the hose bib/spigot. And no, you cannot completely shut the unit off with this adjustment knob, it basically gives you a range from low to high. I probably would have preferred a unit with no moving parts, but in this case, build quality is good, you don't get leaks at the knob or anywhere else.  Overall, a very nice unit that I'm happy to have. I ended up combining this with the Gardena quick disconnects that I use for my watering and it works like a dream. Highly recommended if you're looking for a bubbler of this type. In retrospect, I'd still prefer Taiwan-made plastic unit over any of the Chinese metal ones. The quality is top notch.", 'I have some trees that have grown beyond the the point where I can safely prune them from a 10\' A-frame step ladder, so my search for a pole pruner found this one.   Note - I\'m not reviewing the "15 inch WoodZig saw blade" that comes on this pole pruner, as I don\'t use it & it\'s been removed.  The pros: + Reasonable cost of $44.85, with free shipping when I bought mine. + Pretty good customer product reviews. + Fiberglass poles with an easy to use "quick release lock". + Advertised - Ideal for cutting high branches without climbing a ladder. + Advertised - Product Dimensions 3 x 8 x 88 inches - pole extends up to 14 feet. + Advertised - Power-Lever technology maximizes leverage to give you up to two times more cutting power than traditional tree pruners. + Advertised - Included 15 inch WoodZig saw blade. + Advertised - Pruner blade - 1-1/2 inch diameter cutting capacity. + Advertised - Item Weight 5.8 pounds. + Advertised - Lifetime warranty. + Advertised - Origin USA.  Misleading, as no where on the product does it say "made in USA"!  The cons: - I don\'t care for the "adjustable hand grip", which always seem to be in the way or hanging up on something. I ended up removing it. - I don\'t need the saw blade, so I removed it. Too bad there isn\'t a version of this pole pruner without the saw... could cost less?  Closing remarks:  To be honest, I didn\'t think this pole pruner would be that useful, but I was wrong! I was able to prune the top of our ornamental plum tree by climbing up a 10\' A-frame ladder, then using this pruner fully extended. This was VERY easy & VERY safe!  I especially like the "hook" & prune operation. The pruner blade cuts thru the limbs like a hot knife thru butter!  One thing I learned right away is to watch where the trimmed branches go, especially the ones way up high. I never did find the first one I cut, as I wasn\'t paying attention to where it fell. No matter, I\'ll find it in the fall when the leaves drop! :)', "Work excellent.  Thick heavy silicone material with raised flames to grip your food.  Flame bumps are raise considerably, maybe 1/8 or not quite.  Impressive grip.  Grab food right off a grill or pan no need to let cool.  No need for spatula.  I can grab chicken nuggets one at a time off a pan.  I flip steaks, grab hot potatoes, yeah so much for that game now.  Cleanup is awesome, it says dishwasher safe but personally, i think it's easier to leave them on and wash as you would your hands.  A couple drops of dish soap a little rub and a rinxe and its like new.  If you get water in it shake it out.  Hang dry.  It has a whole for that.  Only caveat, heat goes through after a while.  Dont hold on to a hot oven rack, steak weight, cast grill rack, hot metal object... for more than 30 secs or so.  Once the heat is in it intensifies until you pull your hand out.  This is for all silicone gloves...  yes they all have this issue.  Once in a great while, my hands stick inside due to sweat.  Not a big issue.   I have tried several different brands, these i keep hanging on the cupboards.  I have a similar review of another brand that rocks also.", "This is a great low-cost trimmer!   My previous trimmer was also a Black & Decker.  I had bought the cheapest I could find since I needed EVERY lawn tool to start with.  It lasted over 20 years!!  It's actually still working, but I felt it was time to upgrade.  This baby trims with ease!  It is light, light, light.  No trimming fatigue here.  The motor size is plenty for my suburban front, back and side yards. The roller for the edger is great for stability.  My lawn never looked so good.  I even did my neighbor's side of the driveway since it was so easy.  The auto feed is a MUST!  I never realized what a hassle manually pulling the string was until I used this model.  No more unplugging the cord from the trimmer (for safety) every few minutes.  Works like a dream!  Of course, the spool has to be wound correctly, and patiently, but so worth it.  Any bulk .065 line will work, and will save $ from buying new spools.  The position of the lower handle is a bit awkward in relation to the guard, but it is easy to get used to.  Not worth deleting a star for it.  Over all this a great trimmer for the price, and recommended."]
['After years of struggling with the woefully inadequate Quicken 2007 I\'m baffled by all the negs this software has received.  Really, Quicken for Mac has ALWAYS stunk.  It\'s been a pain in my butt for six years.  Then this year, 2013, they changed the current file format so that it was going to be an even bigger pain to convert data back to the 2007 software.  I\'d had enough.  I first started with Quicken Essentials.  I cannot believe I fell for it again.  Essentials is a joke.  It\'s a $10 program at best.  Then I found iBank and it was perfect from the get-go.  My primary purpose for this software is to code business expenses for the tax Schedule C form.  If something is a cost of goods, office expense, travel, etc. I need to know and then see the totals for the year.  And I need to have separate files for each tax year.  This last part was horrendous with Quicken.  I have to really search to find past years.  People rave about Quicken from these older years and lament the current offerings.  Sorry, but for me Quicken ALWAYS sucked even when it was supposedly "good"!  But enough about Quicken.  iBank did the job for me and it did it quickly.  It even had a way that allowed me to code my entries faster than Quicken.  Is it slightly different?  Sure, there\'s a learning curve, but it was a minor one.  The only ding I can give the software was how the download process worked and I suppose its limited flexibility for people looking for a really hardcore accounting program.  For me this is good as it\'s ever gotten in terms of using software that works for my small business.', "I'm familiar with the GH Flora trio and have had great results with it. So I decided to try to give this performance pack a try. After using it for part of the grow, the only real difference I noticed was my plants were easier to burn, and it took me way longer to measure out my nutrients with all the extra supplements. Plus it became obvious that the supplements won't even last a full grow.  So I stopped with the extras and now I'm just using the Flora Series trio again, plus CaliMagic (since I'm growing in coco coir). At this point, the package has been an interesting experiment but I wouldn't recommend it to any other growers, especially beginners! It's just more things that could possibly mess you up.  Pros - Get base nutrients plus a lot of extras - The Flora series trio (included in this kit) is AMAZING for growing big top-quality fruit, and I think a lot of growers will see benefits by switching over. If this kit gets people to the Flora trio series, then it has done some good in the world for growers :) - You get a lot of different bottles, which can be cool if you want to try them out - Cute, well-packaged box  Problems - No pH Up / pH Down, so you have to but those separately - No CaliMagic, which is a very common nutrient supplement, so you may have to buy a bottle of that separately - Doesn't contain enough of each supplement for a full grow. Several items will run out if you use them as advertised, and you'll have to replace some of the items to get to harvest. It makes me think this kit is just a vehicle for General Hydroponics to sell more nutrients and supplements - this seems like a complete kit but you'll end up having to buy several other things to finish your grow. - Too many bottles/things to add every time you make water for your plants, it ends up adding a lot of extra time compared to giving just nutrients - The Flora trio (the base nutrient trio) already gives your plants literally everything they need. I've used it for years now. I usually give the Flora trio at half-strength, with plain water every other watering. That seems to work really well. But adding all these supplements makes it super easy to burn your plant, and you'll need to give plain water even more often, or reduce the nutrient strength even further to use all of them. You don't want nutrient burn all over your leaves and fruit! That's what will happen if you use this kit at their recommended levels. So if you do get it, make sure to use way less than they recommend, and give plain water every other time.  If you're not sure what nutrients to get, get the plain General Hydroponics Flora trio in the big bottles! You don't need all these other supplements. The trio is all you need to make it to the end of your grow with smelly, tasty, huge dense fruit. I also recommend adding CaliMagic if growing in coco coir, if you have soft water, or are using RO water. Make sure to test and adjust the pH throughout the grow! Test the runoff too. If you do just those things with the Flora trio, I guarantee you'll end up with the same or better results than you would using this kit with all the unnecessary supplements. Just my opinion! In any case, I've stopped using the extra stuff and gone back to just the trio. My plants are happier than ever :)", 'I really like the Weber Q series of grills and now that I am on my second one, a Q200 (my Q100 was stolen) I decided to get a cart for my new, larger grill.  Weber makes two carts for it, the 6507 Rolling Cart and this item, the 6508 Stationary Cart.  The reason one is called "stationary" and the other "rolling" is because the 6507 folds up and includes a strap so that one can use it as a caddy for transport.  Since it folds you can put it in the trunk of your car.  If the folding feature is not important to you, they both function the same as far as moving them around when the 6507 is fully upright.  The 6508 Stationary Cart includes a hose adapter for the 20 lb. LP tank and the other does not.  It also seems better built and includes a screen that blocks the tank from view.  The cart was fairly easy to assemble, even though I hate to put things together.  It took me about 30 minutes and I only used one or two bad words.  I would have spent more money for a cart that had more metal and less plastic, but it is what it is.  It still seems well built and sturdy enough.  When you fold out the shelves on the 200 or 220 this portable BBQ pit transforms into a really nice, small, full featured gas grill.  I find it easy to move around I think that this is a good compromise for someone who wants both a portable grill and standard-type one.  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Weber-6507-Rolling-Cart/dp/B000WXFHJE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Weber 6507 Rolling Cart</a>', "I've had them all, cheap ($5) nozzles and an expensive ($90) nozzle (Griot's Garage). Given I've had the expensive nozzle for over 10 years now without a hicup lends strength to the adage; 'you get what you pay for'. But who in their right mind would pay $90 for a hose nozzle? Well, I did once but the good news now is that this $10 nozzle is the best I've ever used in this price range and unlike others in this price range, should last virtually forever (because there are no inherent design flaws).  Others have raved about the Gilmour nozzle and so I bought one only to find out that it breaks. Turns out it is made from three pieces of brass, two of which are press fit together; the inner core and the part that screws onto the end of the hose.  The outer jacket, the part that is supposed to turn to adjust the spray is the third piece.  When you torque the outer jacket down to shut off the flow, stress is induced on the press fit joint which eventually fails.  The press fit joint is now so loose, that I can't turn the outer jacket to adjust the flow without the core spinning at the joint.  That is, the core begins to turn and it leaks at the place where the two pieces are press fit together. Worse yet, I can't turn the jacket to shut off the flow. Only took 4 months of light use to happen.  THIS nozzle is only two metal pieces! The outer jacket, that turns to adjust the spray and shut off the flow, and the inner core which is one piece of  machined brass all the way from the part that screws on to the hose to the center tip of the nozzle.  Internally there are a couple of replaceable 'O' rings in addition to the requisite washer where the nozzle screws onto the hose end.  The spray pattern is typical from wide mist to hard stream.  Brass is soft, relatively speaking and I do not recommend leaving this nozzle outside in a presurized state after the outside temp falls below freezing.  (to help you appreciate the $90 nozzle, you could leave that thing anywhere, anytime of the year, and even bury it, only to dig it up and find that it works like new.  Combined with a good hose you could even leave the whole set up outside year round and forget about it.  Which I've done for over ten years.  Come spring thaw, it would be right as rain.)  Gilmour makes some great products, like their Flexogen hose, but I'll stick to Dramm for the brass fittings.  **UPDATE** 18 Dec 2012. I don't remember when I wrote this (I see it now, over two years ago) but it really was under $10 at that time....as of today it's 30% more?! The good news is that while the 'O' rings may need replacing, there's no reason the brass nozle shouldn't last a good many years.", 'I purchased the Ambient Weather WS-07-X2 Big Digit 8-Channel Wireless Thermo-Hygrometer with Two Remote Sensors from Amazon. www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BWUYL5C/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 and had some Discover cashback in my account so I purchased the Boveda One-Step Hygrometer Calibration Kit - 75% RH directly from Boveda to compare it to the salt (NaCl) hygrometer calibration method for calibrating the Ambient\'s remote sensors. The Ambient\'s remote sensors are small, 1 3/4"W x 4 3/8"L but they just fit into the Boveda bag. No way will you be able to fit the Ambient base unit into the Boveda bag.  Yes the Boveda kit works but you can save time and money by testing your hygrometer using the salt test. It gives the same results. How to: www.cigarsinternational.com/cigar-101/article/29/salt-test I used a large zip lock bag and a coffee scoop filled with 2 tablespoons of table salt. Ideally you should use distilled water but filtered water from your refrigerator (which I used) or tap water, if you have a water softener, works fine. Dampen the salt with enough water to give you a sno-cone appearance. If you have water floating on top of the salt you have added too much water. Place the salt and hygrometer in a zip lock bag, leave some air in the bag, and wait ~24 hours. If your hygrometer is correctly calibrated it will read 75% humidity. My hygrometer reached its max reading of 72% after 8 hours but I waited 24 hours just to make sure. What\'s great about the Ambient sensors is that you can set them to 75% with the base unit without taking the sensor out of the bag. Next up was the Boveda kit. After allowing the sensor to come back down to my house humidity, ~36%, I placed it in the Boveda bag. It took ~28 hours before it reached 72% humidity. After 36 hours it was still reading 72%. So I suggest if you use the Boveda kit to keep your hygrometer in its bag at least 30 hours or more. Both the Boveda calibration kit and my salt test produced the same results for my hygrometer, 72% humidity.  I gave it a 3 star rating based on the fact that, even though it does work, its bag is only big enough for testing small hygrometers.', 'I have been using, "Farnam\'s Roll On Fly Repellant" for years.  (That\'s what it is called on bottle)  It works great and keeps flies aways for all day.  When Farnam came out with "Endure Roll On Fly Repellant",  I decided to give it a whirl as I like the company and Endure\'s price was less for amounts.  However, Endure didn\'t work as well as the first one.  I read both ingredients and saw why.  Endure has .02 Pyrethrins and "Farnam\'s Roll On Fly Repellant"  has .04 pyrethrins.  Makes all the difference in the world.  I have challenged my 40+ year use of  Farnam Wipe, Original Formula for my use on all my horses from head to toe daily. I test all the newest products that come out. Nothing can beat it. Same issue...the Pyrethrines.  I use the roll on repellent for around the eyes only.  If you want to give your horse the longest coverage from all insects,  stick with the strongest amount of the pyrethrins.  Those environmental weak types don\'t last anywhere close. I\'ve never had a horse get cancer...nor have I or any employees.  How would you like to have stinging flies & mosquitoes all over you with no way to stop their bites?  You can run in the house behind screen doors.  They can\'t.  Don\'t leave them behind with weak protection.  And if their tails are swishing, you\'re not applying repellant right.  Lots of ways to end up with no vet bills.... strong pyrethins is one of them.', 'This little hibachi is fabulous. It\'s really solid; it lights-up in a big hurry; and it cooks great. Get one, and you\'ll love it. Everything Lodge makes is top-of-the-line, the very best. But a word to the wise: use this hibachi, but keep it seasoned. Go on-line to Lodge\'s website for simple, easy instructions. I have some cast iron skillets from Lodge that, like this little hibachi, are fabulous. I seasoned them when I got them and never have had to do it again. It\'s only something you need to do "when necessary," whenever that is. This little hibachi comes pre-seasoned, and that\'s nice, but, because you\'re using it outside and probably leaving it outside, you\'ll have to pay attention to it and keep it seasoned. I made 2 big mistakes when I had another one of these hibachis: I didn\'t keep it seasoned (I didn\'t make the mental connection that it was just like my cast iron skillets and needed seasoning to protect it), and, when it got really rusty, I never even thought about cleaning it up and seasoning it again, and gave it away to the guy who cuts my grass. Little did I know I was giving him a really nice gift. I now better now, and I\'m going to take better care of my new hibachi. When the hibachi arrived, I think there was paperwork with it that showed a cover you can order for it, but there was no order form. I then went on-line and contacted Lodge. A really nice lady sent me an e-mail, and, when I called her on the phone, she took my order. I should get the cover any day now.  Believe me, if you like to cook-out and enjoy cooking over charcoal, you will really love this little hibachi. It\'s small, but big enough to cook for 4, and it\'s perfect for cooking for 2.', "This unit is more powerful than expected and much easier to use than my old gas powered one due to lighter weight.  I'm comparing this item with a TroyBilt 205 MPH 2 cycle gas powered blower/vac purchased in 2004.  After 14 seasons, the TroyBilt gave up the ghost while I was using it to blow debris off our driveway.  What to do?  Recently I began converting from gas power tools to electric/rechargeable.  About 3 years ago, bought a Greenworks electric chain saw with 2 amp hour battery.  It was sufficient for my needs.  I then bought a Greenworks light duty line trimmer sans battery and used the battery from the chain saw.  That also was light weight and sufficiently powerful to do light trimming.  We have a .81 acre lot so most of the lawn cutting is done with a garden tractor.  Still, I need a push mower to mow around beds and in tight spots.  My gas powered mower died.  I ended up with an EGO self propelled mower with 7.5 amp 56 volt battery from Home Depot for $499...  great price.  Now back to the blower vac.  I considered a very light duty Greenworks blower (only) for $30 that could use my 2 amp hour battery but that model was either unavailable or had spotty reviews.  The above Greenworks unit had consistently good reviews on multiple sites, even though as a vacuum, it may not be the best.  Ordered it from Amazon and had it in 2 days.  Assembly was easy.  The controls take some getting used to or experimentation as they are not accurately described in the manual.  Play with it!  You can figure it out!  As a generic blower, this unit has more power than I expected.  Although only rated at 185 MPH, it seems to have more power than the 205 MPH TroyBilt.  Perhaps the impeller on the TroyBilt had deteriorated?  Anyway, it works real good for blowing away grass clippings, leaves, etc.  The push button start is great compared to a pull start.  The lighter weight makes it easier to operate.  I have run it for quite some time on the highest setting and have not had to recharge the battery thus far  I tried the unit as a vac.  It is easier to assemble / reconfigure than the TroyBilt.  Physically and not unlike the TroyBilt, using it as a vac is a bit awkward.  However, it seemed to work pretty well.  There is a crevice outside our family room that attracts and holds onto leaves  This unit got them out very quickly.  Not sure it's going to pick up or mulch big piles of leaves in the Fall, not did I expect it to.  All things considered, I am satisfied with this item and would recommend it to anyone, as long as it's not expected to do heavy duty mulching.", 'The northern exposure of my woods, where the woods meet meadow was being overtaken by poison ivy and I needed to do something drastic!  Southern Ag Crossbow has some good video and people supporting them, so I thought I would give it a try.  Waited for dry hot weather with little to no wind and waded into the poison ivy and thistle thicket. Sprayed the largest poison ivy leaves and followed them as far as I could. Around the base of trees, in the undergrowth, across fallen dead trees, the more I sprayed, the more I found and I definitely needed to get a handle on that stuff before it flowered and went to seed!  Within days, I drove past the areas and happily found it all wilting down and dying back. Whew, success and not a moment too soon as I was getting some "feedback" from my northern neighbor regarding my weed situation. I also used this spray to kill back wild roses and heavy thorned wild berry stands. It left the grass and my Irish Moss in tact, so I was pretty darn impressed.  DO NOT OVERDOSE- When I was reading the ingredients and mixing instructions, it says for poison ivy you should use 6 ounces to 3 gallons. Some may just grab a measuring cup and fill it to the six ounce mark.. DON\'T DO THAT, you will have an overdose if you do. Get a paper cup, put it on an actual scale, zero the cup out and then add the concentrate until you hit six ounces. It\'s much less liquid than you will be using IF you go by the ounce marks on a measuring cup. Mark the 6 oz. point on your paper cup and save that as your dosage for 3 gallons and you\'ll be spot on! Some reviewers commented that is "killed grasses also" yes, it will if your concentration is too high, I\'m just going to guess that they went by oz marks without actually weighing the concentrate... it\'s by weight, not volume.  I\'m writing this review since I came back to order again and this is by far and away, the very best poison ivy and thorny thistle killer I have found anywhere for any price. I happily pay well for things that work!!!  Do I recommend it? YES, I do, without hesitation. Kill that poison ivy and be a good neighbor! :)', '<div id="video-block-R2ICEHDO9BFPM7" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/912UX92NulS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91xwAijMD0S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I got this because I saw how crazy my friend\'s young adult cat went with this toy. I foster kittens, and they all run and leap for it excitedly. I can move it above their heads, drag it along the ground, or just leave it out for them to play with! If I leave it out on the ground and one kitten plays with one end, the other end will move for another kitten and vice versa. The little pieces slide too, so they like to slide them around the wire. This also makes it more fun to even them out, hold the wire by the middle, and play with both ends in the air at once. Just be a little careful because before I got used to the feel and the willy-nilly of the wire, I wacked them a couple of times with it. (They didn\'t seem to mind, but it\'s worth noting.)  Might have to get another for my adult adoptee :)  UPDATE: Adult adoptee isn\'t terribly interested in it. More of a young cat thing I guess. Also, my 6 fosters tore the rolls off in about 2 weeks. Not a complaint at this price at all. Our fosters all got adopted, and we got a new cat dancer for the one kitten we kept. It\'s been in tact for a few weeks still. It DOES get caught in things like the carpet and string toys.  UPDATE: ADULT ADOPTEE IS ALL ABOUT THIS. Short video attached. She\'s the one with more white. Sorry for the floors - It\'s vacuum day :P', 'Today I learned that I am apparently ultra annoyed by the sound of constantly splashing water. We have a whole home air purifier that runs 24/7 and I had thought this fountain would be a similar kind of white noise sound that fades to the backround but not so much. The motor itself is almost silent, but the sound of the water splashing into the bowl may literally drive me insane. Side note, my husband does not find it annoying in the least and thinks that I am oddly bothered by it.  Other than how I may lose my mind, everything about it seems great. The bowl holds an astronomical amount of water compared to a "regular" fountain. The material and construction are standard, with careful maintenance you could probably get years out of it. Some of the inner workings are quite small and the manual actually suggests a specific cleaning brush that you need to purchase separately. I haven\'t looked it up yet, but I assume the special brush is inexpensive and would make suggested weekly cleaning much easier.  We bought this fountain to see if it would help our GSD with the "hole in his lip." Normally when he gets a drink, he fills his entire mouth with water and inevitably half of it drips out of his mouth onto the hardwood floor. Time will tell on this one, but the first few drinks seemed to be an improvement. He can\'t dunk his whole mouth in the water like he normally does without the spout pouring water on his ears, which he is not a fan of.  Both of our dogs (GSD and Aussie) were unbothered by the sound. I had seen some reviews where the dogs wouldn\'t go near it but I wonder if they maybe had a defective motor as the only sound from ours is just that of running water. Our Aussie is normally exceptionally nervous around new things or strange noises but didn\'t hesitate to drink out of the fountain the moment it had water in it.', 'Wow, is this thing ever simple to put together. Me and my four year old grand-daughter put it up on the bed and the only tool I needed to fetch was a screwdriver. It was out of the box and together in 35 minutes - and it only took that long because I took my time taking each piece out of the box and cleaned them first.  This is a lovely, sturdy crate.  I researched these a lot before choosing this Crown Pet Medium sized one (for an English Shepherd). I like it because it has the solid lower sides, which pups seem to want, but also because it keeps the dog hair from falling all over the room. It\'s nicely contained within the pet bed and much more tolerant when you have the dog in the house. I really like the plexiglass door cover to keep pups from chewing but it\'s removable when they get past that.  The color is surprising - this is one of those rare times that the color is actually accurate with the photo in the listing.  I chose the Expresso - and I did that at the last minute. I was going to go with the mahogany one but it just looked so light in the photo I switched, hoping that the reviews were right, and that the expresso was not actually what other vendors call Expresso at all. This is a lovely deep finish that actually matches my mahogany furniture very nicely. I have dark wood furniture throughout and the expresso is a perfect match.  So believe the photos if you\'re trying to choose. The darker one is not black at all, but instead a lovely deep brown like mahogany. If I could guess on the color of the lighter one (the one actually labeled mahogany) it looks more like a maple color, it looks lovely too and I\'m sure I would have liked it, but I am so glad I chose the darker one instead.  I purchased some washable whelping pads for the first few days until I knew if my puppy was going to be a chewing, digging puppy or just be happy with her Kong, but I also purchased a lovely, thick 29" x 21" pet bed that is a perfect fit. It\'s thick and fluffy. The door on this cage opens out, or it fully opens in, so when leaving the door opened in, take the bed out first, push the door in, then put the bed in (this is great for older dogs already crate trained.', "As a cat lover and owner of many generations for over 5 decades, all the cats I've owned ALWAYS loved the hairball stuff in the tubes that is, up until the last 2.5 or more decades. I don't know why anyone thought to 'improve' or mess with what worked, but EVERY cat I've had in the last 25 or 30 years has hated hairball treatments that are either flavored or not flavored.  I heard this particular name, 'Cat Lax' mentioned on a TV vet show, so decided to try it immediately, even bought 2 tubes. I am SO GLAD I bought 2 tubes!  It's three weeks later and including today, I have had good success with THIS product. Whether I smear a small amount on a sleeping cat's front leg, or hold a cat down to apply to the front leg & paw, NONE of them has gone running wildly off acting like I gave them poison or set them on fire. Mind you, they probably still think it's the old stuff, so I still have to be sure I have a hold of them if they are wide awake, in order to get it fully smeared on the paw, but today, 1 of my 3 young cats actually licked it from the tube and wanted more. THIS, IS the IDEAL way to give hairball medicine, in my opinion, and I was shocked and very happy. Last week another cat calmly wolke up, licked off the Cat Lax and went back to sleep. It MUST taste good.  Now, keep in mind,  I have tried the real gooey/runny stuff in the tube and the more firm stuff as well. One isn't anything you can just slap on the paw without monitoring the cat's movements or it's all on the walls and floor, furniture or bedding as the cats will try (sucessfully) to shake it off as they 'escape' from your grasp; AND I've tried the firmer stuff that needs to be really given in several places on the cat's leg in order to be sure it's not in a big lump of thick molasses, also getting all over and into everything except the cat's mouth.  THIS product seems to be a cross between both of those other formulas, soft enough to smear quickly and thoroughly in just a quick stroke with maybe a 2 second follow up, yet enough of the coagulation that in a small amount (1/4- 1/2 inch), stays in place until the cat licks it ALL off.  I think the secret to this product is less than 1/2 inch 2 or 3 times a week. The more you put on any cat, the more likely he will be to fling some or most of it off. NOW, that's for an unwilling cat.  IF your cat likes this,  it's easy and apparently better tasting than many, many other kinds/flavors, plus I'm sure it's been working.  I couldn't be more pleased and I think around here, once the cats figure out that this isn't the old stuff and not so bad, all three, (well, maybe 2 out of 3 anyway) will take it willingly out out the tube. Cat #3 gets a daily pill that he hates, so I have to grab him to do anything, BUT, he isn't flying off around the house for an hour trying to get it off, like with everything else I've tried. He walked away today, and calmly licked ALL of the Cat Lax off the 2 paws I put (smeared) it on.  When all else fails, some butter off your finger or a spoon-even in a plate works ok, but butter melts quickly, so we've changed completely over to Cat Laxative. Save the butter as a treat once a week!", 'I was in need of steps for a 23ish lb Pug/Pek with stumpy legs to get on/off our couch safely, since he has a trick knee and tends to dive off. There are a couple things I\'d like to clarify for others overwhelmed by all the reviews. Some mentioned 1- the instructions not being user-friendly, 2- the pieces not being labeled and 3- having difficulty assembling the pieces. 1- If you can\'t put this together by looking at the photos, you should be studied. It\'s that simple. 2- My pieces weren\'t labeled by those stickers on most ready-to-assemble furniture, but the actual plastic was stamped with the corresponding letters. Not as obvious, but better than having stickers fall off in shipping. 3- It all snapped together quickly, but on one of the rise panels there was an extra nub of plastic that kept the male pieces next to it from snapping into the female ones flushly. A minute with a small saw blade, and no more problem nub. So far these steps are working just fine. The other set he had were plastic, and so lightweight that he didn\'t trust how they flexed and shifted, even when he used them slowly. These are heavy enough to stay put on a rug, but I haven\'t tried them on the laminate floors. (The 4 rubber feet are maybe only 1" little squares, which I\'d add onto for use on hard floors.) He\'s even come at them from both sides at a run and no worries. I definitely suggest putting this against an additional surface on one side, like an ottoman or wall, to make your pet feel safer until they get the hang of it. :3', "To be fair, I would never rate a dry dog food 5 stars for any reason (dry food is simply not good for dogs - no matter what).  My dog suffers horrible allergies and IBD nearly year round and I've been desperate to find an affordable solution to offer her relief.  Even turning to various dry foods that offer limited ingredients - desperation at its finest!  One food may help her itchiness, but give her tummy problems.  Another will agree with her stomach but she'll itch herself bloody.  It's been hard.  After many, many, trials with various foods I found this one.  It's reasonably affordable and the ingredients rated well with dog food advisor.  Her itchiness calmed down at first, with less tummy troubles, but then I noticed a huge hot spot forming on her side.  I put her on supplements and continued the food for another month - no luck, the spot grew larger and she had to see a vet.  Also noticed she'd begun shedding tons of fur in the middle of winter.  Not good.  Then she was hit with a horrible bout of IBD.  Had to change foods again.  Switched foods and treated the hot spot and IBD.  It hasn't returned, so it was something in the food.  For dry food, it's not awful.  There's way worse out there.  But if you're like me, trying to find an alternative that won't break the bank, this is a good option.  We're going the dehydrated raw and supplement route next...", "I bought this as a last resort before purchasing an eCollar for our 15# Jack Russell who-knows-what mix and our 32# Beagle-Schnauzer mix.  Both are adopted and lovable most of the time, but once the doorbell rings, the school bus stops, or someone walks past our house, they start uncontrollable, loud and embarrassing  barking, which frightens many children and people.  We had tried a citronella collar which worked ok, but  it would go off on its own or when a dog close-by barked so it was not a good training tool.  And within six months the collar stopped working. We then spent more  money on odd-size batteries which didn't help. A costly waste.  I thought I would give this whistle a try.  I actually had tried a less expensive whistle at one point, but it had no effect.  But after seeing so many positive reviews on this whistle, I thought I would try it.  It was amazing.  It made our Jack Russell mix stop barking immediately and just look at me.  It didn't seem to have any effect on our Sneagle (vet's name for her), but after a couple frequency adjustments, she, too, calmed down and stopped barking.  I've only had it 24 hours and hopefully it continues to work on them. If so, it is a life saver.  I'll advise how it goes over time.  (Additional comment):  I thought the instructions on how to adjust the frequency were not detailed enough to be helpful and there is nothing at all on there website about how to adjust it.  You must first pull off the black case that attaches over the whistle.  You just pull it off hard.  The adjustment circular screw is near the bottom of the whistle.  Adjust it as you blow to see what works best on your dog.  After you find the frequency you want, tighten the circular screw and replace the black rubber cover.  Luckily, both of my dogs respond to one frequency.  If you have multiple dogs, you may need multiple whistles with different frequencies.  I plan on getting another whistle or two to keep one at the back door for when they are in the yard and one near the front door for traffic there.", 'I was pleased to see Bayer improve the K9 Advantix line.  I previously used Frontline and switched to K9 Advatnix a couple of years ago when I moved to Florida with my black labrador as I was concerned about ticks year round.  I currently reside in NJ and the ticks this year are especially bad.  This is the first year I am trying to K9 Advantix II.  My lab is a water dog at heart and goes to the beach frequently.  He also has environmental allergies resulting in hot spots and dry itchy skin.  Thus I have to bathe him every week during the summer months.  However, this has not seemed to affect the performance of this product. Applying K9 Advatix II once a month has been sufficient.  This product works well for keeping mosquitoes and other small biting flies away.  Unfortunately, the larger horse flies do not seem to be repelled.  In addition, as another reviewer noted, I have found ticks on my dog.  Ticks are very rugged and if they can latch on to any part of a dog, they will.  The product does not make them release upon biting.  However, and probably most importantly, the product does kill ticks.  I happened to find a couple of ticks about a day or two after they had latched onto my dog - one was dead and the other practically dead.  So it definitely works.  Please note that the best way to prevent your dog from catching lyme or any other tick-borne disease is to have him or her inoculated every year.  The product is relatively expensive especially if you have a large dog (my lab is 115 lbs - very tall and long legged).  Amazon provided an excellent price (even less expensive than the online vet website I normally purchase this and other product from) through PetCo.', 'The short review:  Buy it, your dogs will love it.  The detailed review: My house and yard is home to four rescued dogs of various sizes and temperaments.  Trying to find something all will enjoy and can be used both inside and outside has been an impossible task.  I took a chance and ordered one Kong in hopes at least one would use it.  Opening the package released a strong, rubbery smell which, thankfully, diminished over several days.  Initially, none of the four dogs had any remote interest in the toy other than a quick sniff when it was bounced across the floor.  Once loaded with treats it was another story entirely.  It took a few days of repeated use but now if any of them see me holding the Kong they sit eagerly and fully alert until the Kong is filled with treats and placed on the floor or given to one of them.  It is indeed a hit and currently the most desired toy in the house.  All enjoy it with treats inside but my two chewers will chew on it just for the joy of chewing, treats or not.  The large Kong is more approiately sized for my larger two dogs, 65 and 85 lbs.  However, my Australian Kelpie at 30 lbs., the smallest dog and most aggressive chewer, has no problems getting the small end of the large Kong in his mouth and going to his spot to gnaw on it at his leisure.  After 3 weeks of continuous use the Kong has held up well and other than a few tooth marks is undamaged.  Immediately after finishing this review I\'m ordering 3 more of various sizes so each dog can have his or her own.  All four dogs rate this "two ears up" for a total rating of eight, their highest possible rating.  Wish I\'d purchased these sooner.', 'I\'ve had this crate for a little over a month.  So far it has been a valuable asset to us.  Obviously, it is soft sided.  I started with my pup (Labrador) in the house with it so that I could monitor her and teach her not to chew on it.  She has done quite well.  Now this crate is in the back of my pathfinder where it stays, and the hard crate is inside the house.  The little pad that comes with it for the dogs to lay on does not have the same quality as the rest of the crate.  We took our first 2 hour trip last weekend with our lab, and by the time we got to where we were going, she destroyed that pad.  So I have since had to put my own blankets and such for her to lay on.  Other than the pad, the sides are good and strong, I like all the ventilation for her to get air, and she seems to be comfortable.  Since removing the cheap pad altogether, there seems to be less of an urge for her to even try to chew.  crate is light weight which is also a plus.  using the two bars to expand the crate, material is very taught, so you have to just be careful not to pinch your fingers.  I like it that tight though, it seems more stable.  Overall, I would buy this crate again and again.  No zipper problems either.  Also, when measuring, this crate is true to its measurements.  I have a 42inch hard kennel, but the space actually used by the dog is very close to this 36" soft crate.  Just keep that in mind when ordering.  we originally ordered the 42", it wouldn\'t fit in back of my car and was HUGE.  we had to send it back, and this one is plenty big enough.', "I tried this as a back up litter for when my preferred kind isn't available. (I generally use Dr. Elsey's.) I must say it's really good! It clumps well and controls odor *passably* well. I have a multiple cat household and it functions better than most other brands I have tried (Tidy Cat, Amazonbasics, Arm & Hammer, Feline Pine). Definitely worth a try. Not my favorite, but it's good enough for me to order it again if need be. It is low on dust, too, which is a definite advantage it holds over most other brands.  As a side note, one of my cats is confined as he is very sick and has chronic kidney disease. That means he pees CONSTANTLY. This litter clumps well enough for even his box! No terrible ammonia smell, either. Can't ask for much more in a litter. The only reason this doesn't get four stars is that it doesn't clump quite as well as I'd like, so I do have to scoop the box a few extra times. But all in all it's not bad!", 'You know how you\'re so sure a product is going to change your life? Well, this one didn\'t, and it\'s a terrible letdown.  Teflon coating? Check! Industrial strength construction? Check! Coated handle? Check!  So then what\'s the problem? Well, for starters the Teflon doesn\'t work. In one use, litter stuck to the scoop - and has stayed there despite multiple uses, accumulating more each time I scoop. This is a problem because it makes scooping the litter difficult, but also because the litter adds weight to the scoop as it sticks. And that\'s an even bigger issue: the weight of the scoop. This scoop weighs A TON! "Light" is not a word I would use to describe this scoop, and yet that\'s what it says directly in the product info. I could get over the weight issue if the scoop worked better than other scoops, but it really doesn\'t. It doesn\'t do well with the wet, clumping clay litter that seems to turn to cement in the bottom of the pan, and although it almost certainly won\'t bend or break while trying, my hands just might. They hurt pretty badly after each use.  I won\'t return it, because returning a used cat litter scoop is just gross. But I can\'t really recommend it, either. I\'ll be looking for a lighter weight scoop that works better.', 'Just received our Tricky Treat Ball (large ) and our 10wk old German Shepherd puppy LOVES it! He is a fast eater, so we started giving him a portion of each meal by using the Tricky Treat Ball to help slow him down. Though it only took him about 15 minutes to clear 1/3 cup of kibble out, it has slowed him way down compared to his bowl. And watching him chase the ball around is adorable, too! He can be an aggressive chewer, so I don\'t plan on leaving the ball where he has unlimited access. However, this would probably be fine for mild or non-chewing dogs, the ball is made of what feels like a sturdy material. Would definitely buy this again!  UPDATE: Our puppy is now 15 weeks old and still loves the ball. We actually do leave it out all the time and it is showing no signs of wear & tear. And trust me - he LOVES to chew. He carries it around the house even when its empty. I would DEFINITELY recommend this to any dog parent.  2nd UPDATE: our GSD is now 7 months old and still love the ball. He plays with it all the time and it is still completely intact, no tears or missing pieces! He "kills" toys left and right, and this one is still hanging in there!', "Not mentioned in the description is the plastic holder for the pump and filter. yuck. My cats got acne from plastic, and vet said to use ceramic, glass or stainless steel. Granted that the plastic is small and should be easier to clean than my other Platinum fountains which I chucked, I won't risk it again. Also, my old girl seemed not to be able to get over the edge, OR maybe she just couldn't see the water because of the dark finish. I could barely see it myself. Black may OK for dogs, but not cats. I chose this for its large capacity, 128 oz., since I have 5 cats. However, the on-line description also did not mention that this had to be kept filled to within a half inch of the top. A lot of good that does...except to give my water-lover something to easily toss around with her paws. Other than the appeal of running water, it requires daily topping off, and continued vigilance for clean plastic parts. Also, as others have said, this is VERY heavy. I can see a heavy wet ceramic bowl hitting the ground in no time. BUT, the plastic is the biggest turn-off. This was returned."]
['Most laptops/notebooks seem to ship with Windows 7 Home Premium rather than Windows 7 Professional.  That is probably fine for most users.  However, if you need your Windows 7 Notebook to be part of a business domain network, you need Windows 7 Professional.  This upgrade is how you accomplish the change.  It turns out that Windows 7 Home Premium already contains Windows 7 Professional; it is simply not enabled.  When you buy this upgrade you are getting an upgrade key.  No disk, just a key sticker and very brief instructions.  Key it in pursuant to the laughably simple instructions and within minutes you will be running Windows 7 Professional.  One caveat: apparently you cannot upgrade from Windows 7 32 to Windows 7 64 bit.  This will affect very few users as I do not believe that hardly any computers are shipping with 32 bit Windows 7.  Nor should they.  Windows 7 64 bit is very compatible with existing 32 bit software, and in the future we can expect lots of 64 bit software and we all want to be ready for it.  Some have criticized Microsoft for charging for the upgrade from Home Premium to Professional, but my opinion (which is only that) is that Microsoft makes its living by selling operating system software and this is one way for them to do it.  At least the upgrade is easy, painless, and quick.  RJB.', "I have used this product in combination with Frontline Plus twice now. Neither product is working for my little Boston/Rat Terrier mix. It does work as a dog shampoo, so I'm not going to throw it away.  I have been washing his bedding, and mine, since his bed is on top of my mine, in hot water quite often. I am vacuuming every day.  I bought this based on the good reviews for it.  I'm using it precisely as directed. I thorougly saturated his coat with it from muzzle to in between the toes and worked it into his coat all over quite well and even left it on the second time for more than 5 minutes. Every milimeter of him was covered. He was not a happy camper, but he stood patiently while I let it soak.  I saw some fleas come off during the rinse, but after he was rinsed well and dried, he's still scratching all over. It's been a few hours now.  The first time I bathed him with the product, I saw fleas again the same night. He's just gotten the second bath (three weeks later and two weeks after his Frontline treatment). If I didn't have a hernia that prevents me from lifting him in and out of the sink, I would try this more often.  Of course, plain water would rinse fleas off him just as effectively. He doesn't have ticks, that's a much more difficult problem, but fleas do rinse off.  I did some research and it seems that there are rumors around that fleas are developing an immunity to Frontline, but I seriously doubt they've developed an immunity to this product, so I guess it just doesn't work.  Update 7/24/12:  I tried this shampoo again twice after the previous update. It is completely ineffective. I might as well have been using water alone. I was watching fleas walking around his body while the shampoo was still on him. A couple of live fleas went down the drain and that was it.  Immediately after drying Pepper, I saw live fleas on him.  Four days ago, I finally received a dose of Comfortis that I ordered here on Amazon and that did work immediately. The fleas began to die within 30 minutes and although they do still bite, they die immediately; since they don't have a chance to lay eggs, the infestation is dying off.  Vacuuming and washing of bedding is essential until they're all gone, but he is so much better now, he's no longer scratching and biting himself raw.  The online vet recommended using only an hypoallergenic shampoo, so this one will be donated to a local shelter. He told me he couldn't recommend ANY flea shampoos at all, none were effective. I guess I wasted my money on this one.", 'I love this so very much!!! Extremely easy to put together. I enjoyed the smell of the wood. I bought this for my cat. I placed a thick pad on the bottom to keep him comfortable. Would love to get the one with a balcony!!! Just gotta wait until I can splurge again. Color is as shown. My pictures show a few of the building process images along with my 15 pound cat inside. You can adjust the bottom screws to make this level on uneven surfaces. Huge plus!!!! Already tested with many rainy days/nights---no leaks!  BRW: I ordered the Extra Small, which I no longer see here. The price was $58.99. Size with price shown in uploaded image. Copied from description: Extra Small House Dimensions External: 22.25W x 22D x 22.75H inches Internal: 17W x 16D x 17H inches Door Opening: 7.75W x 10.25H inches Pets up to 15 Lbs', "THIS SHOULD NOT BE GIVEN TO A PET WITH LIVER OR KIDNEY PROBLEMS. I just want to say I am sure this is an awesome product for the right circumstances but there was no cautioning in the description on the liver and kidney problems. My dog has had a liver condition for 6 years and she is 11 now and she is starting to have more pain in her little body then when she was younger. I tried this product based off the great reviews. After her first dose she couldn't walk the next morning. My husband tried to get her out of her bed and she nipped at him....and she is not one to nip at anyone. When you would stand her up she would collapse. This effect lasted for the whole day she got better later in the afternoon. Although on the bottle the cautions are on there it was covered by the barcode label and I didn't think to peel it off and look at it until the damage was already done. I got some information from petMD this was some of what it says:  One of the first noticeable signs is loss of appetite. Other signs include vomiting, diarrhea, and intestinal hemorrhage brought on by ulceration in the stomach and small intestines. The central nervous system is affected and the dog may have trouble walking, appear weak and uncoordinated, or even collapse. Loss of consciousness and sudden death can also occur.  So please just be cautious I learned a very hard lesson and caused the little pet I love so much a lot of grief. I will post a pic of the back of the bottle but I hope that the seller will update the information. They are accepting my return but I just want everyone to know that there are some precautions to take while using this product.", "We did receive the Amazing Tumeric chews! I have had the hardest time trying to find vitamins & such for one of our 'pups' as he's allergic to all meats but Pork, Rabbit n Fish. Nothing else can he eat other than veggies n fruits. He was a rescue from the floods and was sent down to the Broward Humane Society seriously sick at 10 weeks old but we had a beautiful connection n our fantastic vets healed him. He just turned 4. He loves your A.T.C. & I hope you can help us find a vitamin for him. He takes fish oil but we need a vitamin. Our 10 yr old black lab loves the ATC too even though she's been taking Joint Vitamins, fish oil n a vitamin. If her snout wasn't gray you'd think she was 4-6 yrs old!!! So, THANK YOU so much!! UPDATE: My 2 'pups' love the Turmeric Chews & have been on them now for a few months. They have been moving around much better. My 10 yr old Black Lab loves the pool but after she gets out she hurts. Since finding your Turmeric Chews, she is not as stiff getting up & down. Thank you for creating a great vitamin for my Lab!!I am on the automatic buy program so I will never run out as you did when I first found them!!Take care & keep creating!", "The tubes that came with this loft wouldn't work right on my Ware Critter Universe cage (that cage only has portals on the top). I could have used my CritterTrail tubes, as they work with the loft and the Critter Universe cage, but I didn't have enough extra ones. SO, I had the loft sitting on its side on the table while I was working on the cage. My mouse also was playing on the table. She went inside the loft and was having a grand time in there, so I put it in her cage on its side and she uses it for a sleep house. It just has the one round hole opening (with the lid on) and she loves it. I put nesting material in there and she makes a cozy bed. So, although I didn't use this the way I planned, my mouse had other plans for it. I'm happy and she's happy.  By the way, the tubes do connect to the side portals on the CritterTrail (by Super Pet) cage and they connect to CritterTrail tubes. These Habitrail tubes are called Mini, because they are narrower than the regular Habitrail tubes. (The openings are the same size, but then it narrows.) But, if you have a large mouse, they are too narrow. I have one mouse that is larger than the average mouse...she's not fat, but she's like a jumbo fancy mouse. These tubes would be too narrow for her; I'd be afraid that she would get stuck. I prefer the CritterTrail tubes for her (and all my mice really).", 'If you want to try getting your cat to eat its pill from a pile of dry and apparently unappetizing crumbs, then the new pill pockets formula is what you\'re looking for.  I have 3 cats, 17, 17 & 18, and taking pills is a fact of life here.  But it was never a problem because pill pockets made it TREAT time.  Greenies has changed the formula though.  I guess some exec decided that the pills LOOKED better with a firm pocket area showing and no "deformed" pills out of the bag.  That moron has apparently not tried USING their product.  Pill Pockets are now dry.  They crumble away when trying to close them around a pill.  And even the crumbles aren\'t appetizing to ANY of my cats.  I used to buy a six pack of these every other month.  Now I have to figure out how to make my own.  FOLLOW-UP April 28, 2014:  I spoke with a Greenies representative today and fortunately, they have NOT changed the formula.  They had several "bad batches."  Apparently pill pockets with use by dates of August, September, and October 2014 are effected (I\'m not clear if ALL PP with those dates are effected, but mine have a Sept use by date).  Product can be returned/replaced or you can also contact Greenies and they have a process for receiving a replacement voucher.  As a result, I have changed this from a one-star to a four star review for now and edited the title to reflect that there were some problem batches instead of a change in their "recipe."  (thank goodness!!!)', "Upped to 4 stars because one of my cats really enjoys this perch and it gets lots of use. It's the perfect size for a small female cat or for any cat who loves perching. As with all products, each cat is different and placement of product in the home can also effect it's desirability.  Originally given 3 stars for below:  Like with any product designed and intended for animals you take a chance. This should be included with the SmartCat Ultimate Scratching Post. It should not be sold separately unless they improve the design.  By improve the design I mean the way this perch fastens to the post. It slides on and two plastic wing clips are what keep it from sliding off. One of the clips didn't even move for me. This piece should be fastened with screws, not plastic clips.  The dilemma with the cushion is easily fixable. Find someone to sew you a slip cover cushion. This would give you control over how thick the padding is also. However, the designers should have already thought of this. A tight slip cover makes more sense than velcro. It would still be washable and it would actually be more convenient.  As far as padding thickness. Cats don't really care about padding. They would be content with just the perch, which is a fine stable piece of wood..so long as they don't slide off the product.  As with size, the perch is a fair size. Cats tend to lay on just about anything and be comfortable, regardless of size.  Overall, I'd say purchase this on sale. I would have still gotten it at $40 but it's more a bargain at half the price. Especially since it needs some adjusting.", "I had reservations about buying this litter box because I saw a lot of complaints about it leaking pee.  I have a cat that stands to pee and has managed to pee outside of every other litter box I've gotten her (except for the Catit Jumbo hooded litter box). So I was very scared that this would be a problem but I haven't had any issues. I always make sure to close the little drawer on the bottom to prevent leaking and I leave a trash bag under the box in case it ever does leak (which is more out of habit because I typically have them taped to the walls and everything as a safety net for my cat that stands to pee) but I haven't had any issues with leaking.  I was also concerned with it being too small because I have a maine coon and a Siberian that are each 15lbs, but they use it without any problems.  I saw the reviews that said it was large but I was more surprised with how high the box was off the ground.  I have a senior cat that had difficulty getting in it but I put a plastic stool in front and he gets in and out without a problem now.  It also does a better job of containing litter scatter than other litter boxes I've had.  I also can't say enough about the liners and how easy it is to clean.  I used traditional liners before and my cats didn't do so well with them but they do fine with this system.  They are difficult to buy through prime and fairly pricey though, so keep that in mind. I love being able to turn the handle every day, have the clumps isolated in the waste bin, and not have to stick my head down there and sift through anything. I also think because of that is smells less than my traditional litter boxes.  I also saw some reviews that said the grate was an issue in the sifting mechanism.  While occasionally a tiny piece here and there will get stuck, it's never actually hindered the functionality of the design.  I make sure that I don't sift it right after my cat uses it because it doesn't give the litter time to clump/dry out any moisture.  I think that it's the moisture that causes it to adhere to the grate. I also move the handle very slowly so it doesn't break the clumps apart and cause it to stick.  Lastly, I love that I use half the litter I was using.  It takes a half a box of the 15 lb. lightweight clump & seal cat litter to fill it to the line.  I was using an entire box every time I changed litter before.  I have 3 cats and change the bags out every week and I wash & spray it down with an enzyme cleaner monthly and it keeps it smelling fresh and the grate working optimally.", "okay, i adopted a dog from the shelter, and after a year i still couldn't take him on walks. for his safety and mines. when i first got him, i started training him, he will do walking next to me in my back yard, but when it came to the real world, i could not control my 65 pound lab/pitbull mix. one time he actually dragged me with no warning across the street, luckily there was no car coming. or we both could of been seriously injured or dead. i was sad that i could not take him to the park or beach, like i do with my other dog. i decided to try this out, hoping that he will finally enjoy leaving the house. when i first got it, i tried it on him. he resist like a crazy dog. but i slowly introduced it to him, with treats and praises. i started walking him in the yard and he did find, i made sure it wasn't uncomfortable to him, i made sure he could drink water, eat and open his mouth all the way to make sure it was not bothering him. :) its only been two days, but now i could walk him down the stairs slowly without him pulling me. :) i plan to take him on his first walk around the corner later on today :) and if he does great ill probably take him hiking with me and my other dog on friday. i've kept the gentle leader on him all day today so he could get use to it. but i watch him at all times to make sure its safe. hes stop resisting it, and seems like he doesn't even know he has it on. wish us luck on his first walk today :)", "My cats love this new Drinkwell Pet Fountain.  Can't believe how much a difference it makes in how the cats drink their water.  And my dogs also love this unit.  Prior to this I had a 64 oz container that refilled the drinking well as the cats drank the water down.  This units aerates the water and I guess that makes it more palatable to the cats and dogs.  Easy to refill the container.  Just pick it straight up from the unit, no water spills as the automatic shutoff drops down and holds what little water is left in the reservoir.  When refilling, I turn the reservoir into the install position before I carry it back to the unit.  That way, the shut off holds the water without spilling.  Easy to clean.  I disassemble the unit when cleaning in a sink.  Nothing much to that.  I purchased a vinyl pet mat with a lip to go under mine, as one of my cats likes to paw at the running water. One cat must have liked the smell, as he started rolling in the floor as if Catnip was present.  I purchased this unit.  It was not provided for a positive review. I highly recommend this unit.", "Update 5/21/14: My cats are not interested in this cat tree. I recommend avoiding the faux fur and fleece covered cat trees. My cats played on it once but could not get any purchase with their claws on this fabric and fell off. They are used to carpet cat trees which allow them to scratch and play on all surfaces. This faux fur stuff is NOTHING like carpet and not worth the cheap price. My cats occasionally jump on it and lay down on it for a short time. They are adults at 11 and 18 lbs and even the smallest one hardly fits in the top 'beds'. I would return this item if I could and buy a more expensive tree made of carpet with larger cat beds. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Pros: It is stable, does not wobble when in a corner. We have been tightening it weekly as the directions suggest. Building directions were simplistic but did the trick. Product comes with all the tools necessary to build it, but you may find it helpful to use your own better tools. It is cheap, tall, has scratching posts, and seems sturdy. Cons: The cat beds are shallow and tight for my adult, average sized, semi-overweight cats of 11-18 lbs. The cats pictured seem like they're either kittens, or photo-shopped... There is zero padding in the cat beds. None of the surfaces on this tree are large enough for an average size cat to comfortably lie down and forget stretching out. My cats are very active and have gone through 2 previous cheap carpeted cat trees - 2 weeks they are showing little to no interest in this tree. I don't think they like the faux-fur covering - possibly just a preference. There are bolts that hang down under the levels. Not crazy about this for potential injury reasons. On top of the beds, the bolts are exposed, so the cats are basically laying on the head of the bolts (if they had room to really lay down).  I will probably keep this tree - mostly because of the hassle of taking it apart and shipping it back seems too daunting. I'd highly recommend spending a bit more and getting a higher quality tree. But if this is your budget, this is probably a decent tree that will last.", 'My Springer spaniel ADORES this toy. It\'s like a security blanket to her. She usually rips off most of the tennis-ball fuzz, leaving a goofy-looking rubber football. But she LOVES this thing. We\'ve designated it as an "outdoor-only" toy (because she has too many toys), and it\'s the first thing she grabs when she walks out the door. It\'s more important to her than actually going to the bathroom. She gets very sad when she can\'t find the toy (when she\'s played with the kids, or drops it to go after a rabbit, and then can\'t find it when she comes back). She lost one over the winter in the snow, and we (she) didn\'t find it until spring. She was ecstatic. She brings it to the back door and knows to drop it before she comes inside, though sometimes she tries to sneak it in.  We\'ve been through a few of these over the years, buying a new one when an old one gets lost, or when it finally bites the dust. (We foster animals, and an especially gregarious pit bull puppy helped shred one to bits - but they had a blast playing with all the smaller pieces. If they hadn\'t played tug-of-war, I don\'t think the whole ball would have come apart.)  For all those who are bummed about the fuzzy stuff...that\'s life. The dogs love to "skin" what they eat or play with. The ball underneath is still perfectly fine for playing with, if a bit slobbery by the time she brings it back to you to throw again.  As happy as this thing makes my dog, I\'ll never stop buying them.', 'Well, I have only had it a day or two, but so far, I really like it a lot. I buy the occasional bale of straw for my four chickens to use in their nest boxes. I have no suitable outdoor storage for it, and I had kludged together a sort of platform from PVC drain pipe, a big square of board, and some tarps. The mice loved it. Best playhouse ever. Didn\'t stay dry either. Wound up wasting a ton of it, although the chickens enjoyed eating the mice as they ran from the straw bale. Win for the chickens. Fail for me.  I needed another bale of straw before I had figured out what to do for storage. So I put it on the front porch temporarily. Not only did the chickens think that was spectacular, my dog, Augie, did, too. Jerkface dog and sassy chickens pulled a flake off and made it snow straw. Anticipating the Full Straw Bale Explosion that was surely coming, I went shopping. I bought a patio storage box to use for storage, if that plan succeeds, but in the meantime I desperately needed something to keep the marauders out of it. Surely there must be something for storing a single bale of hay or straw.  Tah dah!  I ordered it Nov 30th and it was here the next day. Holy cow! Normal 2 day Prime shipping, too. What minor miracle was that?  Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the package. I really didn\'t expect it to be quite as substatial and nice. Some of the reviews made it sound like it was sort of cheesily made. I, personally, think the quality is very good at a reasonable price. But then again...I was desperate. ;)  Like I say, I have only had it a couple of days. Put the exploding straw bale in it last night, much to Augie\'s disappointment. The chickens also seemed a little disappointed, but hey, it\'s MY porch. Most of the bale fit in the bag. It\'s a small bale. Not the whopper bales. I think I might have been a little hard pressed to get the whole bale in there, but since the baling twine had been sprung, it\'s hard to say for sure.  I had used one flake in the chicken coop and the dog and chickens murdered a second flake. So not quite a full bale. I ~think~ a full small bale will fit, but I can\'t prove it just yet. Zipped right up.  Likes: - Nice looking bag. The colors are great. - Holds as much straw as I need. - Seems to be well made. Time will tell. I currently see no issues with fabric, stitching, etc. Feels plenty sturdy to me. - Easy to lift. Placement of handles is good, at least for me. I am 5\' 6" with the upper body strength of a pipe cleaner. I was able to pick it up and toss it around with no issues. A lot easier to move around in the bag than it is by hauling on the baling twine. Great for transporting. - Contains the mess of an open bale of straw. (duh)  Dislikes: - I would have preferred a metal zipper, in theory. That might actually be prone to rust/corrosion and weather, so I might actually NOT be such a great idea. However, the zipper feels a little on the flimsy side to me. Mostly the actually pull-tab part. As I noted above, though, I had no problems with zippering it up. Worked smoothly. I am just a little worried about durability.  The Unknowns: - The meaning of life. - Whether or not it will do a decent job of keeping the bale reasonably dry. I do get some rain blown onto the porch from time to time (Thank you, Oregon). While the bag is positioned on the driest portions of my porch, it is likely to get a little wet. - The zipper longevity, as noted above. - The overall quality in terms of how long it will hold up. Some reviews mentioned seams coming apart and such. First impression is good. We shall see about longterm.  Overall, I really like this bag and if it proves to be pretty reliable I may order a second one at some point. It would be nice to buy a couple of bales at a time and not have to worry about straw all over the bedrug of my truck, storage, etc. I would recommend this bag.', 'The size I ordered is good! a medium for a not toy Chihuahua mix. The length is perfect. it appears fine until I put the little guy in it!!! He is well behaved and lets me put it on him only to find that he is completely unable to walk in this coat. It trips him! And that\'s with all the pulleys and ties adjusted. honestly, I don\'t even know exactly what is tripping him but his legs get stuck immobile and they pop out of the holes..it\'s a mess. I think it\'s a lack of flexibility between the legs.  He just stood there motionless staring at me the 5th time I tried to put it on him. I got it on him successfully but he was afraid to move knowing he would trip if he tried to walk. He just stood there like a statue---staring at me like, "what are you doing to me?"  I should have got one of the similar items on amazon that has the open hole in the front so it let\'s his front legs move freely!! I didn\'t know any better. IN ADDITION, just realized this hood is not removable, it is sewn in. It appears that on styles other than camo the hood comes off. Planning on returning. Maybe other dogs are not immobilized by this jacket, too bad mine is because it was pouring today.', "For the price (between $35-45) which is what you can get it for currently, there is simply no better 3 gallon aquarium. The MSRP of $100 is probably closer to what it was once priced at, around $70 of quality for half price.  Pro:  + Clearest, finest quality acrylic tank for this price. Having seen many, this is the reason to buy the tank and put up with minor irritations. 99% of the time you're looking at your fish. + Filter works very efficiently and quietly, excellent for a tank this size. + Lighting is the best I've seen for a tank this size. Very bright, sufficient for some plants, far superior to the incandescent junk on tanks at this price. Bulb replaceable. + Hood has opening high and large enough to put in your own filter if you want to replace the built in.  Negatives:  - Area to feed fish is minute. Don't even think about autofeeders unless cover is off. Workable, just not simple. - Cover very difficult to pry open to feed - stick a tab you can get at a hardware store and you're done. - Filter can be very quirky to get to work. Instructions poor on how to troubleshoot. Possibility of burning out motor if you don't get it right quickly. - While beautiful acrylic, reflects a great deal. Bettas may flare at their reflection for days with the light on. - Light will sometimes be quirky but I've found if you wait for an extra second or two, the light will flicker on, just need to wait a little longer.  Maintenance: On ANY tank this size you'll need to take off the cover. Anyone who says otherwise is a liar. It's a small opening so what can you expect? The only challenge here is that the top is heavier and, IMHO, much better built. But since the filter is on top of the tank area, it can get in the way and needs to be pulled out too. That inconvenience is certainly there but you have to ask whether this filter system is better than a Whisper 3i, which it may be (I add a 10gallon air pump for that one.) If you don't want the filter, break the plastic bar in the middle and you've got the great opening you crave. Air hoses can be sneaked out the small space in the back of the tank.  Overall this tank is absolutely as good as it gets at this size and price. People who think this tank is the worst either (a) paid much more than $40-45 or (b) have never been to Petco and purchased their $40 tanks, which are abysmal. Is it perfect? No. Is it the best at this price? Yes. If you've got $60-100 to spend, there are better designed tanks. Regarding the 1 star reviewers, they point out the same flaws that I do but decide if you really think that it's that devastating (e.g. a spinning wheel you don't need to replace whose effectiveness is questionable.)", "Best oversized litter pan we've ever owned. I bought one of these many years ago at a pet store and our household of cats fell in love. They really have lots of space and there are few litterbox accidents with such a big box. I like, too, how you can easily store the scoop in the side storage areas. We bought a second one at the same store that was a different brand. Big mistake! I could tell from the start that it was flimsier. Moved it one time to wash the floor and it cracked along a seam. Litter everywhere. Ugh!  So I was absolutely thrilled when I came across this Petmate box here on Amazon!!! The seamless construction of the tray and the rounded edges are what keep it from cracking. It's heavy duty yet pliable if you have to shift and move it. Beware that it gets very heavy when filled with litter. But if you have a multi cat household, this is a great product. Excellent price too.", 'Having had cats for the past 2+ decades, I\'ve tried most kinds of cat litter. I\'ve tried the "Best" but it wasn\'t. I\'ve used green tea and hinikoi wood cat litters (by the same company) but the prices went up. I have used crystal cat litter in the past but the less expensive crystal cat litters have sharp crystals that get everywhere and allow urine to pass through them to pool on the bottom of the litter box.  So...I sucked it up, forked out the money, and bought the Litter Pearls. These are not completely dustless but they do track less. I still have to use litter track mats but the outside-of-box litter debris is much reduced. I have two "excavators," one of which has very long hair. Less litter gets trapped in their paws. Also, they ABSORB urine as it trickles down. If the litter boxes are stirred up every day, there are no issues with clumping & pooling. Odor is much less. A little Arm & Hammer litter deodorizer takes care of the rest. And yes, it does last a long time...at least 2 weeks, which is saying something, because I have 3 cats. Finally, what does manage to get out of the litter box isn\'t razor sharp and if it\'s stepped on, it breaks into tiny dry pieces that are easily vacuumed up.  Interestingly, these will dissolve in hot water. Out of curiosity and because I wanted to feel better about not using a more "earth friendly" litter, I ran some hot water over a few crystals and they dissolved. I imagine cool water would do the same thing, just much more slowly.', 'We have a  20 pound Sheltie. Ordered the Large. Just the right size. Glad I read the reviews.  Not the most expensive bed, but ok for the price!  I usually order Dog beds from Orvis but they are really high priced!  They do last for years!  Our Sheltie full grown puppie loves it!  We lay a baby blanket in it, to keep it clean.  Easy to wash the blanket.  As I recmmend order up a size for any Dog over 15 pounds.  Medium would have been far to small.  I have learned by ordering to small a bed. Read reviews.  Give Dog room to stretch out.  PLEASE READ:  1 month after buying, I m extremely disappointed.  Washed cover foam was yellow and falling apart..  Ordered a Second one, it ripped completely apart after washing.  Please fine another Snoozers make great Beds.  No more of this!!! This is terrible and unexceptable!  Yucky must have been old or used!  Paid to much to get a bad bed!  SHAME ON YOU!', "My 1 year old male cat has a lot of toys he enjoys. But I've learned to periodically hide them and rotate which ones are out because he bores of each pretty quickly. But NOT this Cat Dancer toy. Such a simple thing and yet Nova goes bonkers for it. It's nearly the only toy I use to play with him anymore and he often will drag it around the house with one end, catch the other end moving, and leap after it, in essence learning to play with it himself.  Many people comment their wonder at how such a cheap, simple toy could be so miraculously enticing to cats. I think it's because if you bounce it right, with the wire, it moves like a butterfly or bug, and you can even increase this effect by erratically bobbing it. Nova goes crazy when I do this and it's definitely the most entertaining toy others like to watch us play with. Even beats the laser pointer, which he loves too.  I can't recommend this little product highly enough. I've already bought two more so I have them at the ready as he's nearly chewed through most of the cardboard on the first one I bought him. He is a chewer, but even still the first one lasted about 2 months of constant play and use and chewing. For the price, that's fine by me!  Also, because of the way this thing bounces, I can dangle and move it around while working at the computer (I work from home and so Nova seems to assume that means I should be playing with him the entire day) and keep him entertained. When I try this with other toys I have to take my attention off what I'm doing to see what the toy is doing and get it to move in a way that entices him.  This toy, while you do have to hold it or affix it to something else that can hold it up - it's still the easiest and most consistently played with toy I've ever seen for a cat. We all love it!"]
["After playing for about 3 hours or so.  Game is not that bad yes the FPS is stuck at around 30 but if you can overlook that game has a lot of potential.  I got the game for under 15 bucks threw Amazon.  I would say this is not a super intensive for your Computer I have EVGA GTX 780 FTW I5 4670k and 16 Gigs of Ram never once did it get over 24% usage on Ram and Never over 30% usage for the CPU.  GPU never got warm.    The graphics are really nice they are updated from past the Reflection is really nice in the game.  Rain and lightning is really nice in it the sound is a little lacking.  Music is garbage compared to other Need For Speed games.  Overall Assessment I would buy if under 15 like now on the non-digital way.  I would def. buy this game again its fun.  Supports Full Xbox 360 Controller.  Will be having my friend come over with his Racing wheel to see if it does or doesn't support it seeing a lot of reviews on here about it not.  UPDATE: The Network does like once in awhile that is because people internet is garbage.  I have seen one person lag really bad that's about it.  Most of the other people are fine.", 'This toy was a miracle for my 8 week old puggle.  My husband and I are crate training and although he was fine in the crate with the door open, as soon as that door closed my puppy would cry, cry cry. I knew he came from an active area so my first thought was loneliness...enter this toy.  When I received it, I turned the heart on, put it inside the toy, put the toy on my lap, and put the puppy on my lap with the toy.  He slumped right over it so his chest was on top of where the heart was beating and went to sleep within 30 seconds.  Deep enough to snore.  That made me very hopeful for the night, and he has not barked, cried or whined in his crate one night since.  He snuggles right in with the toy and goes to sleep.  Sad puppy problem solved.  My 5 star rating is for the toy itself and how well it worked for me.  However, some things to note:  most importantly, the batteries that come with it are terrible.  When I put them in, the heart made a ticking sound but didn\'t vibrate.  I was very disappointed, thinking I had been mislead in what the toy was supposed to do.  I changed out the generic batteries that came with it for some fresh new ones and the heart instantly began to "beat" and tick as advertised.  I keep a lot of batteries around, just in case, as I don\'t want his toy to "die" while he\'s sleeping with it (I want him to sleep peacefully, not be traumatized by sleeping with something that dies in his crate).  I\'ve had it just about one week and the batteries are still going strong, but I do turn it off during the day and remove it from his playthings, making it strictly a "bedtime" companion, instead of an all day toy.  Also, I have not used the heat warmer, and he still loves it.  I wanted to see how he did without the warmer before I got into a costly cycle of having to keep buying those 24 hour heat warmers that you might be able to stretch out into 2 days, or something else that you heat up manually (like a bean bag), that will cool before the night is over.  So by all means, try the heat warmer if you want to, but I opted out of it and he loves it still.  Also, he\'s chewed the tail, ears, nose...shook it around (on those occasions where I forgot to remove it from his crate and it became a "regular" toy, or didn\'t move it far enough out of reach) and he\'s roughed it up...it\'s still in fine shape.  It seems very durable, although I was convinced he would have at least pulled the tongue off of it within the first day or two, but nope, still 100% intact.  I highly recommend trying this toy.  My thoughts going in were, if it doesn\'t work, I will have purchased a rather expensive general chew toy...but if it does, it will be the best $40 I ever spent.  And indeed it is the best $40 I ever spent.  He lays down and goes right to sleep, every night since day 1 of the toy...not a peep since.', "I really like this grooming table. It is perfect for my needs, as a novice at-home groomer. I think it is perfectly stable and well made for the price. It may not be as great as a pro one, but it is perfect if you own 1+ dogs b/c you will save yourself in grooming costs. I didn't experience any bad issues with screws or setup. It was amazingly simple to set up and folds down easily.  I own very fluffy medium sized breed: keeshonden. I purchased the med. size table in black and it is perfect! I only wish I got this years ago. It is so much easier on my back. It is so nice for reaching areas that I couldn't get to as easy when they were on the floor, (such as the under carriage and the feet). I still haven't used the noose, I am a tad afraid it'll choke them if they attempt to jump down. I may purchase a strap that goes under their haunches and armpits, to keep them standing.  I really like the handy basket underneath, it is the main reason I chose this over some other brands/models...it is so handy to have all your tools right nearby within reach, and not take up table space.", "I bought an older model same design years ago and had to replace it since the front wheel came loose and was unable to be put back. This newer model was so much easier to assemble with just clicking the wheels on and that was it. It was so freakin simple (took minutes to put together and it was ready to go). Love the neutral design of black with a light tealish color for accent.  It folds up easily. I can put all 3 of my pets (1 cat and 2 small dogs) in (it's a tight squeeze and they sit in front of each other). Yes, I take my cats out when I walk the dogs and this is her carriage. The netted canopy keeps her from running off and protects her from other dogs we pass. She loves it and sleeps in it frequently when at home.  My senior dogs will get tired on walks, so he gets put in there with the cat. He loves to roll around on his back and snooze when worn out.  Can't tell you how many stares, giggles, comments, and conversation starters I get when I use this stroller.  I love that it's high quality materials that will last and is rugged enough to go through dirt, sand, mud, hills, concrete, etc.  It comes with a rain protective covering and hand pump. My only suggestion is to make the canopy area not absorb heat since it's black so the pet isn't being baked in the heat.  Otherwise, thank you for an amazing product. My pets love it and I love it too. Please keep this design!", "Feed was as depicted in photos. There is fish meal in the feed, so it adds a slight smell that I wasn't used to. Product arrived in a plastic bag, inside a well taped USPS box. Chickens are still adjusting to it. I would like to see the company make a plant based feed.  *one month update* i left nutrena organic layer crumbles and this out the first two weeks. i now keep the crumbles outside in a rent-a-coop feeder (also here on amazon, it keeps the local birds from eating their food) so they have an option if they want to snack on it. the scratch and peck i keep in their coops in spill proof dog bowls. i mix it with some nesting herbs and grubblies soldier fly larvae. i have almost zero waste now. i did notice their yolks have increased a little in size and are slightly darker. yet the eggs on average still weigh the same. no difference in laying frequency. i keep charts on my girls. they are all full grown, and the only difference has been a change in feed. hope that helps. :) i was worried about the fish meal spoiling, but, they ate it all, so that really isn't an issue. i have a screw top food container for dog food i got at petco and it keeps their feed fresh and dry.", "Don't get me wrong, I do love this heater! If you are looking for a durable (glass!), good looking, functional heater, this is a perfect choice for you. It works like a charm, I have it set in my turtle tank at around 78 degrees, and that's exactly where it stays at. However, here are a few things I didn't expect: -If you are like me and have a turtle aquarium that is not full all the way, be careful with this heater! It is a very tall heater, and the instructions don't allow you to tilt or angle it at all. The minimum fill line is literally at the very top of the heater in this picture, just below the plastic cap on top. If you have a fish tank, this is perfect. But be careful with other reptiles that only have a half full tank! I have it on my 10 gallon take for my hatchling painted turtle, and I have to tilt the heck out of it to make it work. I know the box says no tilting of any sort, but I've read some information that it is just a liability thing from the company, like if the seal on top breaks underwater or something. Telling the truth, it should be a okay if you tilt it, it still works fine for me! But i do wish I would have known that it is preferred to be straight up and down. -*YOU MUST HAVE A GFCI OUTLET FOR IT!* You know, those little outlets in your bathroom with reset and test button on them that no one really knows what they do. But what they do, is save your animal's life! If something goes wrong in this heater, it would essentially become a wire that's linking your outlet to the water in the tank. And as we know, water and electricity and living things don't mix. All the people that complain that a heater killed their animals, didn't have it plugged in a GFCI. (They cut off overflow electricity when it senses it, so when something goes wrong you don't fry your animals). So yeah, buy one if you don't have one! They're like 6$ at a local harbor freight of mine, and super easy to change. -it is SUPER hard to read the temperature you are setting. They are in incriminates of 4, but in squares of 2 that go over and up, if that makes sense. I still don't understand the scale it goes up by really... So be sure to have a thermometer to see what you set it at! I really can't explain it very good, it's just super hard to understand. Trust me.  As I said before, this heater works fantastic. Keeps my turtle nice and warm, and at a constant temperature. although I do have to break some rules to tilt it 45 degrees to get close to the minimum water level line, it does still work. if you have a full fish aquarium, this is perfect. If you have a turtle tank or something of the sort, be very careful! Other than that, great heater, just poor information on placement! 3 Stars from a turtle owner.", '<div id="video-block-R2Q1B371A5187B" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1nWtkPlhIS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61F-9sr8dvS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I got the toy thinking it would be more of a challenge for my 2and a half year old 43Ibs border collie mix than the hide a squirrel I have(which is barely even a "puzzle" for him). I squeeked the eggs, and showed him me putting it in the platypus. At first he just played with the platypus squeeking the eggs through it. He didn\'t get it. I took something familiar, the squirrel from the hide a squirrel, and put it in the platypus with its tail sticking out so it\'s obvious. He pulled it out like he would with the plush tree stump. I praise, and with a couple of more trys I change it to the egg. I don\'t put the egg all the way in at first. When he pulled the egg, I praised him and gradually put the eggs deeper into the toy. Now he knows how it works and can pull all the eggs out in seconds.(I then get my dog to fetch all the eggs so I can fill it up for him again)  It\'s now really a challenge for him, but he has fun playing with it, which is the point. He loves squeeking the eggs, and not really interested in the platypus shell. He did chew up one egg with his molars, but good thing the toy come with two extra eggs.  On the downside, I suspect that the praising when pulling the eggs out of the toy taught him to pull all the stuffing out of the other regular toys he has. He wasn\'t really into that before, and now he pulls out the stuffings with much excitement and enthusiasm. If your dog alraedy enjoys that then the platypus toy give him an alternative. Another thing is that the stitchings on the opening on the toy\'s stomach has stretched, almost about to pop out, but it\'s not really noticable so I don\'t really care.  The egg babies toy is a good one that is different from your regular stuffed animal dog toy. It is more interactive. I would recommend it to other people.', 'Large enough to fit in my Coralife BioCube29 I use for freshwater Tetras and Dewarf Gourami. Looks nice, grandson loved it too. I place an air stone in the middle of the hollow center so bubbles come out the top, nice effect. I used Instant Aquarium tahitian moon (black) sand about 3.5" deep so some of the trunk is hidden because the tree is standing on the acrylic bottom not the sand, see the photo to understand. For me I love this look. Someone mentioned sharp edges (interior only) in another review so I looked to see what the complaint was. There are a few but not all over the interior area. The ones I found were very low at the bottom. I buffed with sand paper, you could use a nail file. It\'s not that bad. Fish love it and easy to clean so far. Tetra\'s I keep like low pH so I keep it low by using distilled water and buffering down rarely when necessary. So I can verify this decoration does not alter your pH, which is beneficial if you want control over your water perimeters. Not a photographer but maybe the pics help, hope so. One is from the side where the acrylic is flat and other is from the front which has a bow designed in it. I give it all thumbs ups.', "I previously had a Drinkwell, which was pure junk, and decided to replace it with something that wasn't loud, and didn't scare the cat. My cat never took to the Drinkwell, and after reading up on it I found several claims, supposedly by vets, that stated if you have a long hair cat or one that has a major aversion to getting wet, the Drinkwells, and any other fountain that can splash or flick water in their face, they will probably not use it. So I looked at this one because it is supposed to be completely splash-proof. And it is!  The two things I like about the Petmate is that a) its motor is completely encased inside the machine, and b) the water runs down a little slide. The motor being inside the fountain, rather than on the bottom like the Drinkwells, means it is much more muffled. Late at night I can hear it pumping when all the TVs and radios are off and everyone is in bed. It is quieter than most aquarium pumps already, but being inside the fountain, then covered up by the addition of water, it is literally whisper quiet. You don't even hear water splashing much since it is actually being funneled down a little ramp, rather than just pumped out into the air to fall inside the bowl like most fountains. I can actually hear my cat drinking over the sound of this machine, which is nice because you are always wondering if your cat is using it enough.  We were weening our cat of a bathtub faucet dependency. Though she is still angry about no more bathwater, she seems to really have taken to the Petmate fountain. It's kind of funny to watch because she seems to want to try and sample water from every square inch of the bowl, starting on the left side and working her way counterclockwise around the bowl. She'll even sniff at the little ramp, though she never drinks directly from that part. I think she's more interested in the bubbles.  The reservoir is the genius part. Instead of wasting a ton of space, they made half the fountain a detachable reservoir that can be filled. I personally clean this fountain once a week, every Sunday, and so far I have not even had to scrub muck out of any corners or crevices. Why? Because there doesn't seem to be many corners or crevices on this machine. Very rounded at every angle. I would have no fear about letting this fountain run for a few weeks without a cleaning if I had to be out of town or soemthing.  The only con I have found so far is that occasionally a gnat or other small bug will land in the water and get stuck on the side without the pump. The water circulates pretty well, but some things like bugs or food crumbs will often end up getting trapped on the side of the ramp where it can't be sucked into the pump. Personally, I think this is a good thing, but it does mean that particles like this may not get caught in the filter. Sure, you want crumbs to get trapped by the filter, but do you really want a rotting bug carcass in there too?  The filters are basic charcoal filters, and personally I don't really think they do much but keep out food crumbs that do get sucked into the pump. We have run it without them, and did so for a little while just to make sure the bathtub water we filled it up with still smelled and tasted like the bathtub faucet. This is how we have been weening the cat off the tub water. Out of nowhere she just really got obsessed with the bathroom faucet after fifteen years.  IF you are looking for a good, affordable pet fountain, then this is probably one of the best bets for cats. It doesn't splash their face, it is really quiet, it has a reservoir, it is very easy to clean, and maintenance and assembly are so basic and simple. It also has replacement parts, unlike most fountains, so if the pump craps out, which eventually all pumps do, you can just replace that rather than buying a whole new fountain. So far, ours has been going strong for a bout a month now and after the first few weeks, and some really bad experiences with our previous Drinkwell, the cat has really taken to this. I highly recommend this over any of the fountains I have seen offered here.", "We were concerned about our 16 week old Morkie shedding. We were seeing more hair on our clothes after playing with him as it became warmer. My son and daughter were also starting to cough like crazy and we were worried it was due to pet hair (when an air purifier didn't stop the coughing). (The dog was also starting to cough and hack - he licks himself a lot.)  The furminator was just waaaay out of budget. The reviews on this looked good, so I went ahead and purchased it.  First, install the batteries and turn the massager on when brushing the dog. It keeps the dog calmer and seems to prevent the machine from pulling as much hair out. I tried it first without batteries and he really didn't like it AT ALL. He was willing to lie back and was more calm with the massager on.  My Morkie usually looks like a ball of fluff after being groomed. After using this brush, there was definitely less hair on him. The adorable poof was gone :-( (that was yesterday).  He went to the vet today, so I decided to use the deshedder on him again when he came back because dogs tend to shed more when they go to the vet. I think I got more hair out today than I did yesterday and I fear it might be pulling his hair out more than removing loose hair. I say this because he's usually very passive about being groomed, but he's tried to bite this brush when it gets stuck in his hair and then pulls.  I'm using very light strokes. I'm making sure not to press down, but I have no idea how a low to no shed dog can have THIS MUCH loose hair in a 24 hour period! I wish the instructions said how often it could be used.  On the plus side, my children are no longer coughing and neither is the dog, but I'm still keeping an eye on all of them. The dog was starting to look like he needed a haircut, but now he looks neat again.  I think I might only use this once  or twice a week or when I start seeing hair on my clothes. I really don't want a bald morkie.  21 March 2012  Finally received an email back from the company regarding my concerns about the deshedder possibly leaving me with a bald dog. This is NOT intended for low shed dogs, so if you have one, please DO NOT BUY! It WILL make your dog bald. I have since retired the deshedder and given my pup an ultra short haircut.", "I don't know why I bought these. I'm not picky about pads with the exception of I've always hated Always pads, the ultra thins.  So I ordered these (why?) And the time came that I needed one. I opened the pad and immediately checked the box as I thought there was a mistake. I know I didn't order pantiliners, but these are so thin! These will never work. The box says heavy flow. Lol, sure. But things weren't so heavy yet and I was staying close to home, so I gave one a try. O my gosh! 1. Super comfortable, not the sticky, hot and sweaty feeling of a pad. 2. Absolutely no leaks! I cannot remember the last time I've used a pad and not had any leaks. All right, but that was day 1, how would day 2 perform? Excellent, no leaks, no discomfort! I will definitely buy again.", 'my feet are often very uncomfortable in summer; when it\'s really hot they swell. this will be my first summer with great compression socks and sleeves (also from amazon) and I\'m hoping they\'ll make a big difference...but there\'s just something about high heat and humidity that annoys my feet, no end. one thing that helps is massages, but I haven\'t been doing that as often as I\'d like because the feet need to be slippery for a good massage, and dealing with having oily feet in the middle of my day is also annoying.  then I remembered one of my best roommates, ever! she was going to school to be certified for reflexology (in england. that certification is serious business and it was an intense course of study), and every night she\'d give me a reflexology treatment which ended with a foot massage. it was an hour of pure bliss, and she never used oil, she used baby powder. it made my feet slippery but when it was over the powder didn\'t make a mess.  the powder works great for foot massage, making it easy for my hands to "move around my feet." it\'s also very cooling. leaving almost invisible pale white footprints on the white terrazzo doesn\'t bother me. and unlike when using oil, if I\'m suddenly interrupted I don\'t have to move as though the floor is a slip \'n slide.  very happy with the powder for foot massage, but last monday I also used a tiny bit as make-up. it\'s very fine, and I like the way the skin on my feet looks after a powdered massage, so after applying a hyaluronic acid and c moisturizer, followed by a make-up primer, I tapped a bit of this baby powder onto a plate and used a make-up brush to apply it in a few spots for highlighting. then I used a mineral powder foundation on the rest of my face, a tiny bit of powdered contour and blush, and blended. I liked the results, and will do that again for special occasions. if I still wore make-up every day, I\'d do that every day.', 'Well, I won\'t go as far as "hate" on this one.  I\'ll be generous and give it two stars.  First off, you have to know this is NOT a soda. It is sparkling flavored water.  I was looking for just that. I love dragonfruit flavor, and thought this would be a nice thing to try.  They don\'t carry it locally, so I ordered it from Amazon.  We\'ve tried it both right out of the can and well-chilled, and neither one passes the muster. If you are old enough to remember Strawberry Nehi sodas, then you will be able to understand what I mean when I say that this stuff tastes like a glass of carbonated water with a few drips of Strawberry Nehi mixed in. There is zero dragonfruit taste, so I\'d guess they tacked that on there to sound exotic and interesting. It is FAR from interesting. There\'s a little bit of the strawberry soda aftertaste, but that\'s all.  I would definitely NOT buy it again.  I\'ll stick with other brands of sparkling water that have actual taste to them. This was just not good, and would not recommend it either. Two thumbs down (or should I say eight thumbs down - no one in the house liked it) for this drink.  Fail.', 'My Husband has some serious issues with Deodorant.  He is the pickiest person (male) I know.  He typically shelfs Dove spray, dove stick, clinical, various types of Degree, spray and clinical... At one time he holds minimum 10 different types of deodorant.  He works out five days a week and is always on the go.  He swears that they work for a day or two and stop.  So he switches.  He tries another, same thing.  So basically he rotates them off.  He laughed when I ordered Tom\'s.  Said "Sure, I\'ll try it."  Come to find out - He loves it!!! It\'s a total winner!! For 2 months he has used ONLY this. This my friend\'s is amazing! Now we are in the NE and he does head to Orlando next week so we\'ll see how it tests the heat!! For now though - it\'s a winner!!', "When Crystal Light first came out on the market, I tried it and fell in love with.  I would purchase several containers per week because not only do I love it, the rest of my family really enjoys the taste. When the Green Tea Peach Mango was introduced, I tried it and it quickly became another favorite flavor the whole family enjoyed drinking.  If you like the taste of Green Tea and Peach Mango, this combination together is very refreshing and this mix is good. I am always well stocked with Crystal Light drink mixes.  It is very easy to make, just pour it into your favorite pitcher, add water and stir.  It dissolves very easily when using room temperature water.  I have found that if I use cold water out of the fridge the crystals don't always dissolve all the way and stay at the bottom.  After, I have the pitcher of the tea prepared, I stick in the fridge to cool or just pour it over ice.  It tastes delicious! I like that this tea has a nice light green tea flavor along with the peach mango, a very interesting combination. If you have never tried this flavor, it is worth giving it a go.  Crystal light has been a preferred choice in my family and I will continue to buy this brand and this flavor.  When they come out with new flavors to try, I always buy a container to see if tastes good and they always do.  This tea is great for any season too!", "I love this scent! Perfumey and potent, I barely use any of these in the wash and they do the trick. The scent is strong so you don't need much. It don't really know what to compare the smell to, other than it smells like a feminine perfume... floral but with a bright citrus note too. On clothing, it's very mild, but if you are washing a picky male's laundry you might want to try something more herbal. My husband doesn't care one way or the other so this is fine for us.  I know fabric softeners/scent boosters/added stuff are not that great for fabrics but I like my laundry to smell clean. I respond to scent and I have found that I enjoy doing laundry much more if I have nicely scented things to use.  I was using Purex Crystals but the packaging is deceptive, it's only about 3/4 of the way full. I also have to use more in order to get the benefit of the scent. The Downy packaging is a bit better and I do the tiniest sprinkle. One bottle lasts a long time.  They open easily (I guess so people can try the scent before purchasing) and people can steal right from the bottle. I have found half-empty bottles on the shelf before. A friend of mine works in a department store and she says people will dump the entire contents into a ziploc bag and walk out with it! So be sure to check your bottles when you make a purchase! It's easy to just grab a bottle thinking it's full and get home to find that some is missing, especially if you're a distracted mom and are in a hurry to get home before your child has an in-store meltdown!  I now make my own laundry detergent and I use these in one of my batches (I make a softener/added stuff free batch too, for towels) and I am very happy with it. Only one step and no measuring when its time to wash. The recipe I use is from a blog called Aprons 'n Pearls and the post is called Homemade Laundry Soap (if you want to Google it, I found it on Pinterest). It uses washing soda, borax, Fels Naptha, and other ingredients plus these. You only need a couple-few tablespoons per laundry load so one batch lasts a looong time. It takes about 20-30 mins to make it.  I purchased this through Prime Pantry and it was $6.99 with a $2.00 coupon, which is still a little bit more than what I'd pay in my grocery store. But I needed a new bottle before I would have a chance to run to the store. I paid extra for the delivery but in store this is much less expensive, especially if you can find a coupon.", 'Update: I use to really love this  Hello Hydration by Herbal Essence but over the past several months I noticed a change in the color and smell of the product. Both the shampoo and the conditioner. It was also leaving my hair dull and my curly hair was less curly as if I straightened it. I am not sure what changes were made to the product but  I have given up using this product completely now. I didn\'t notice anymore breaking or dryness from it. My hair color was changing to "light brown" I tried a couple other herbal essences before changing over to TRESemme brand. I wouldn\'t recommend this product anymore. [ Orginal Five Star Review] I have waist length red curly hair, that tends to be very dry. I have tried many hair products over the years. From Wen to most recently Tresemme curl hydration. What I always seem to run into is, products that are difficult to wash out. I tried Herbal Essence Hello Hydrantion. I was skeptical about seeing improvements after one shampoo. It sounded too good to be true. Boy was I ever surprised, when it turned out to be true!  Best of all it washes out easier then any product  I have ever used. I was very, very impressed by this. Paired with the hello hydration conditioner and suave detangler while blow drying my hair has been softer then it has ever been. It also  has made it more red and less dull , while really bringing out my curls too.  I will be ordering more& would highly recommend it.', 'Although Kaspersky products receive excellent ratings from the professional reviewers we have been less than satisified with the product.  Protection wise the product deserves its ratings - no problems there.  We installed on 3 laptops: a Dell i5 8 Gb, a Lenovo A8 8 Gb, both with Windows 10 and an older Dell Pentium 4 Gb with Windows Vista.  Download and installation went ok on all 3 laptops with the older Dell taking longer as could be expected.  Anti-Virus scans run quickly and smoothly on all 3.  KIS does not require extraordinary system memory.   Now comes the reasons we uninstalled on all 3.  Safe Money is one of the more aggravating pieces of software I have ever encountered.  It will open another browser to connect to your bank, store or just about anything else you might want to go to even if you are just going to browse merchandise or seeking information.  You have some choices here; to always use it or decide whether to use or never to use, none of which seem to be universally observed by KIS.  It slowed down entry into the sites to the point of timing out on all of our laptops.  Especially aggravating was the connection to 2 of our banks which use of a Secure ID card to generate a pass code number in addition to log-on ID and passwords.  KIS also slowed down all 3 of our computers especially the Lenovo A8 8 Gb laptop.  Sites requiring data entry were especially vulnerable to this slow down.  Entering information into Gas Buddy was particularly painfully slow.  Warnings about bad or outdated certificates were a common occurrence - even sometimes on the main Google search page  The dashboard is not particularly informational unless you click further into the site.  Navigation could be improved as it is not very intuitive.  Bottom Line - Excellent if You Use Only for Its Anti-Virus Capabilities - Not So Good in Other Aspects', 'This is the second version of NIS I own.  Like the previous one, the software firewall and NAV do a good job most of the time.  I say most because, once in a while (esp. with the firewall), it fails to exhibit the right behavior. For example, the firewall has a nasty habit of forgetting the rules you already set up for a specific application.  This version is much improved in this regard than the 2001 version, but it sometimes still asks you to set up access rules for an application -- as common as IE! -- repeatedly.  I don\'t know what\'s got into its "head."  I discovered that, for one, Norton can\'t distinguish between the DOS-style filename and Windows-style long filename, so it thinks it\'s two separate applications.  But there are also other cases where the behavior simply cannot be explained. In addition to the firewall and anti-virus utilities, NIS 2002 comes with parent control (I didn\'t install this) and ad-blocking.  Ad-blocking is a joke.  It worked the first day I installed it, and stopped working after that. These little things exemplify the problem with many Norton products of late.  They are basically solid, but they have a lot of little annoying "features" -- such as not uninstalling themselves cleanly -- that really make users both love and hate them.  Sloppy programming, perhaps because they outsource part of the job to India?  I don\'t know.  I just hope Symantec does some homework and make their products more solid and polished.  Indeed, if ZoneAlarm did not intermittently and mysteriously break my Internet access, I wouldn\'t have bought this upgrade.', 'Last year, TurboTax screwed up by eliminating needed forms from the Deluxe version without mentioning it. This year, they returned those forms but it did no good. Once I imported all the information that was needed, and double checked everything for errors, I clicked the button to send the returns electronically. Error message. I checked everything there was to check. Rebooted my computer and wifi. Error message. Spent nearly an hour on the phone with their support. Error message. Downloaded the "latest version" and deleted everything else. Error message. Error message. Error message.  I finally dug out my old printer and output the forms to snail mail them in.  So sorry, you didn\'t buy it from Intuit directly so we won\'t give you even a partial refund for this waste of a piece of software. I won\'t be reviewing it next year because I am DONE with TurboTax.', 'I have been buying each version of this program for many years. This time, I really think that Microsoft simply did a text replace operation 2010 --> 2011 and shipped the thing out. The 2011 program seems to be bug-for-bug identical to the 2010 iteration.  Were any maps updated for 2011? Maybe. I don\'t have the resources to check this. Here is one data point. Over a year ago, a new freeway entrance was added near my home. A few months ago, the maps on my TomTom GPS were updated to include this. Finally. But Microsoft Streets & Trips 2011 does not include the new freeway entrance.  At this point, I could copy and paste my review for Microsoft Streets 2010 right here. Nothing has changed! The maps are still very good, although perhaps becoming old. The user interface is great, except for Microsoft\'s treatment of "bookmarks." Searching, editing, and organizing saved locations is primitive and inconvenient.  As in previous versions, maps will not print out at 1200 DPI (dots per inch). I can print them at 600 DPI though. I have tested this on three different printers.  I use this program from Windows 7 and it installed cleanly. However, I cannot launch it in the normal fashion. Windows complains that the program was not installed properly. The solution to this problem is to always launch the program with administrative privilege. This is slightly inconvenient.  If anyone finds a difference between this program and the 2010 version, please post your findings.', 'First of all I had no problems downloading and installing the mac version of the software at all. Choose the correct installer (Mac or PC) and meet the minimum requirements listed several times while purchasing the software and your good to go. My mac is a 2006 mac book running 10.7.5 and I had no issues.  The software is very thorough as usual and very simple.  The issue I had was with the Amazon gift card offer. It\'s a deal where they give you 10% additional cash when diverting a portion of your refund to the gift card. They only let you do $100 increments so I went with a $300 card which yields me a $330 gift card. It\'s supposed to be delivered via a validation code that is emailed to you. I still have not received that code and I see other people are having similar problems. That is not the biggest problem. I know that issue will eventually be resolved.  The biggest problem with this offer is the generic language used by Sunrise Banks the provider of the card. In the enrollment phase of the issuant of the card. There are several hoops that need to be jumped through. One of those hoops is the "explanation" of what info of yours that Sunrise can collect and that you need to approve before they can give you the card. They generically state the some info included in your return can be used by sunrise.  I thought to my self it\'s probably unidentifiable info typically collected by companies to generate information about groups of people like Age, State of residence, income level and the sort. At no point before you transmit the approval do they SPECIFICALLY state what will be gleaned from your tax return. After I printed out my return I noticed a detailed section from sunrise listing what info they specifically collect and my social security number was one of them. Had I known that (and I should have known better) I would have told them to keep their measly $30. I have posted a picture of the specific details by sunrise in the picture section of this amazon listing. Take a look at it and make sure your comfortable with the info that they collect before proceeding. I\'m such a fool. I hope this helps some of you make up your own mind if it\'s worth it or not.']
['I think this is a great game for kids. my two daughters who are barely 4 and just turned 6 really enjoyed it. They think it is great and love marking the clues off on the clue sheets. This game held my 4 year olds attention very well even though she needed a couple cues. My 6 year old had fun playing detective. The game plays by rolling the dice. You move the characters from room to room trying to land on a white or yellow space if you land on white you get to look under that character. Yellow you get to look under the piece of furniture in that room. One character has crumbs under him this is the character that ate the cake. The rest have times under them. The furniture have the drinks under them. So you mark off on or clue sheet which characters and furniture you have looked under and any times or drinks you have seen under them. You then can make an accusation. Who ate the cake at what time with what drink. The four year old who just turned 4 was able to match up and figure out what to mark off on her clue sheet. She just needed a little help with the accusations. The 6 year old even understands the concept well. A few more times of playing this and I think she will be a pro. The game has great replay ability since the answer will be different each time. The game set up is simple and game can play pretty quickly. There are not that many games that hold attention as well as this one. I think this is a great first clue game for children.', "I have printshop 20.  It spoiled me.  It had no bugs that I ever found.  Printshop 3.0 on the hand has more bugs than I can count.  It seems that they cut a lot of corners in testing this software.  When typing, the marker where you are, it disapears. I am thinking of going back to 20.  Since I 1st wrote this review I have been trying to print envelopes.  I have never had more problems. The print instructions call out landscape mode but the program prints in partially in the potrait mode and most of it not at alll. When trying to contact Broderbund I go in circles.  They won't answer their phone.  They support center says I can send an email, but that part does not work.  One star rating is too much. Continued efforts have gotten answers.  But not to my questions.  They answer the question, but not to the question I asked.  I have upgraded to 3.0.5 and still no solutions to the problems.  I think they are having great financial problems  How would you like to make a card with lots of stuff and it won't let you print.  Instead it crashes and you lose everything.  I keep looking for and update that makes it more useable but so far no luck.", "McAfree goes far beyond stinking up the place. This is their worst attempt at software butchery.  They are a damn disgrace. They have a lot of balls selling this garbage.  Don't buy this crap. Amazon should not allow this kind of thing from this vendor who surely knows the product Total Protection is a total rip-off.  McAfree would not install on one computer. Thank god. Was lucky. And the one it did install on it screwed up my WWW/Internet so badly I thought I had a McAfree virus. Had to experiment with deletions this and that. Experimented with ToolBars. Firewalled this and that. Uninstalled McAfree. The problem went away.  McAfree stinks. Historically, this is about par for the course for McAfree.  Man, was I ripped off.  Amazon is getting like eBay nowadays.  Don't buy this.  Windows 7 Ultimate, quad processor, 2.8 Ghz, 16 Gbs of RAM, 3 Gbs graphic engine that is discreet.", 'This is a great switch. I wish, so bad I had found this before I wasted money on my netgear switches. This is so feature rich, I spent quite some time learning how all the features work. You do need another kind of switch to fully use the vlans offered by this unit. I did figure out this trunking is not the cisco type of trunking. If you want the cisco type, it is called "tagged" in the vlan config. This trunking is more like link aggregation. This is a nice feature to have! On a final note, this model has been discontinued. The new HP hotness is the 1810G-8.  My only complaints are. This switch does not support STP, or spanning tree protocol. They have updated the firmware the pass the traffic to prevent a packet storm. Also the IP you use to manage this switch does not support IPv6. This should be really easy to add. I just want it to have a set IPv6 address.  Wonderful unit.', "UPDATE 3/7/16:  Updated to Quicken Windows 2016 R5 patch. No problems.  Quicken was also recently acquired from Intuit by a private equity firm, H.I.G. Capital.  Hopefully users will see increased investment in product stability and feature innovation in the coming years.  UPDATE 1/9/16:  Been using Quicken 2016 R3 for over a month on Windows 10 and the issues I saw with the initial release appear to be resolved and product is generally stable.  On rare occasion Quicken hangs (non responsive) and requires ending the task using the Task Manager, but no loss of data.  Updated to Quicken Windows 2016 R4 patch.  Did not have any issues installing the update and it corrected a few bugs.  I depend heavily on Quicken software for managing finances, investments and reporting.  For my use case, there currently isn't an alternative software. Intuit (Quicken) management needs to succeed in the announced divestiture of Quicken and I hope the new owners are successful with a business model which permits Quicken to invest in releasing stable, highly-reliable products, innovate with new features and make a transition from the PC/desktop computing paradigm to an environment which includes mobile, cloud, and subscription based software.  * * * * * * *  UPDATE 12/2/15:  Intuit has released a patch R3, which appears to have corrected the issues.  Check your installation updates to R3.  Cautiously trying Quicken 2016 R3 and have backed up my Quicken 2015 data files in case I need to revert back to Quicken 2015.  * * * * * * *  11/20/15 initial Review.  Very long time Quicken user... see my reviews of prior versions.  Over 20 years of history and 148MB data file.  I purchased Quicken Premier 2016 hoping to address the Quicken 2015 crashes I was having under Windows 10.  Quicken 2016 installation was fine as were initial file conversions.  However, after running Quicken 2016 for a few days I have had issues with the file passwords no longer being recognized, registers with years of transaction data no longer visible, account attributes being changed (eg, checking account became a loan account).  I have upgraded each year without any problems.  This version despite the hyped up marketing is far from stable.  I do not have confidence in Quicken 2016 and am reverting back to Quicken 2015.  Will wait until a few more release patches to come out.", "This is my fifth year using Quicken TurboTax and it will be my third year using the state tax version. I'm sold on it. I can't imagine going back to pen and paper to do taxes. The program takes you step-by-step through the tax process by asking you questions about the various sections of the forms. It also prompts you to make you remember about things that may have slipped you mind, like other deductions. And, it makes suggestions for deductions that you may not have thought about. At the end of the process you can print out the forms for mailing in the traditional format or in a format that's easy for the IRS computers to read. In addition, you can opt to file electronicly. The help section IS very helpful. It actually makes sense of the rules and instructions for filing your taxes and explains the relevant sections of the tax code in easy to understand language. My one suggestion is that you have all your papers with you before you start the process. You can, of course, save your work and come back to finish or edit it, but it is a pain to be half way through and remember that your mortgage statement is two floors away. I'm giving it three stars instead of five because of the product activation. Bad job Intuit. However, the activation doesn't prevent you from installing on more than one computer but it does prevent you from printing or electronically filing from the second computer. Still, you can take your saved file from work or where ever and bring it home to print or file. I tried Taxcut this year because of the product activation on TurboTax. I had problems with it right off. It stated on the box that you could import TurboTax files but when I tried it wouldn't let me. The Taxcut web site suggested that this was a common problem and that you had to edit your TurboTax file (with TurboTax) to bring it down to a certain size. Still, it didn't tell you what that size was ok or really give you any idea on what to cut out. (I thought all of the our tax info was important). My advice: The activation stinks but TurboTax is still the best tax prep software.", 'I bought this to use with Xfer-ing my old VHS "How to" videos to DVD.  1st problem was that the 2nd, bonus CD\'s serial number was coming up as invalid.  2nd problem: Unable to capture any video.  I have 4 different video capture devices: 1. pinnacle (bought in 2008) 2. Dazzle 100 series (bought in 2008) 3. Dazzle 150b 4. ADS tech X2 (bought in 2007)  Despite trying with all 4 devices, I keep getting the error,"Cannot start Capture graph".  Amazingly the corel website does NOT even list this error in the search results!? Yet when googling for it, you\'ll find this user problem on probably a 100 + webpages.  (I guess if corel denies the problem exists, then they don\'t have to address/fix it)  This is the first FULL video editor package I have bought in years. Each of the 4 RCA to USB video capture devices came with either an SE "special edition" or LE "Light edition" of either pinnacle studio or Ulead videostudio. All the stripped down programs actually WORK. The full version of Videostudio 11.5 does NOT!!!  After numerous update attempts, repair attempts, remove & re-install attempts, I gave up. I never had a ulead[corel] program be so messed up.  I had a copy of videostudio plus X2 on order (it came up on amazon on sale for $39.99 last weekend). Today I saw that it had not be shipped, so I cancelled the X2 version.  The lack of knowledge base support for an application with serious issues, is criminal.  For crying out loud, just fix it with a patch and list the fix in the corel knowledgebase. To omit it from the corel website is the sign of a real craptastic company. I always liked ulead products until this one.  A huge disappointment.', 'Managed to get my taxes done with this.  Was a pain though.  Had to turn off my computer security to get it to work.  Selections sometimes did not make sense.  "Flow" of program was not too helpful.  Program said that if you want to efile Federal and Pay online you would be sent to online site to pay.  The program took my credit card information.  But it did NOT direct me to any payment site.  It did this last year I now remember, and I got a nastygram from the IRS saying I had not paid my taxes.  This time I was forwarned, and contacted support about it.  They directed me to the site, and I paid there.....I hope.  No proof yet.  Just be aware of this.  I have been using HR Tax for years, BUT, next year it will be TurboTax.  This year\'s program seemed to be a lot "worse" than previous years.  I no longer trust it completely.', 'As an old Dos user of the original personal tax return software published by Parsons, I like this software.  I have also used TurboTax for several years and except for the fact that it costs more, I like it too.  Turbotax used to be able to download Schedule D data from many brokerages, but they discontinued that feature, so I saw no advantage in paying more.  Taxcut never had that feature, but if you have to do Schedule D from scratch in both cases there is no reason to pay more.  Taxcut imports last year\'s return data from Taxcut or Turbotax and marks it for editing.  It will also import Quicken data, but I don\'t have high confidence in my own data being correctly assigned to the appropriate tax categories, so I bypassed that step, but I did print out a Quicken Tax Schedule to refer to.  I noticed only one software error and that is when doing a new W4 form for Estimated Payments for 2008, it kept inserting my last year\'s wages even though I stated I would have no wages in the interview step.  However, this can be manually corrected by opening the whole form and zeroing out the data.  I have always done my own taxes manually until the early 80\'s when Parson\'s came out with their tax software.  I\'ll never go back to the manual method.  Update: I used the 2010 version for that tax year.  The Federal portion worked very well, but the State had a glitch in the software.  The Georgia State version somehow made an error in handling retirement income.  I made sure there were no more updates planned and then submitted my return.  My computer crashed so I bought a new one and loaded the "At Home" software and did an update.  I was surprised to find that I did not owe anything to Georgia.  I found the fault and claimed my refund.  The State agreed and sent it to me.  There must have been an update for the software to be right, but there was no notice given.  Early submissions carry some risk with them.', 'I skipped a couple of years because of the bugs in the last version I tried (2012). I hated 2012 so much I stopped using it in 3 months and uninstalled it.  2015 still has GUI issues throughout the entire application. I am a software developer, so these things stand out really bad. It is a shame they cannot fix any of them in 3 years.  The worst though is I am still seeing the same problem with synchronizing my main bank account.  It routinely skips transactions and never downloads them.  If it was only one transaction here or there, that would be easy to find and add manually.  However it always skips more than that. This past week it skipped an entire day and also all deposits for the week before.  Just the deposits for that week.  Finding what is missing when it is that many is cumbersome at best. The only way to easily fix it is to delete the account and add it back.  That always downloads those missing transactions so that means it is not a bank problem. This is not a solution though because then categorizations would need redone each time.  Anyway, three years later and many of the same old problems plague version 2015. They really need to hire some management that would at least pretend to know something about software development.', 'If you follow Quicken, you may recalled my review of Quicken Deluxe 2008. My main complaint was that the date field would revert to the current date whenever I temporarily left the entry to do something else. Frequently I ended up with several incorrect dates and had to go back and fix them.  Also I should mention that I only use the check registry and no other features.  This annoyance has been mostly corrected. You can go to Find, for example, and then return to the entry and the entered date will still be there.  If you wander too far, the date may revert, but the main problem has been resolved.  So far as I am concerned, this would be the main reason to upgrade from the 2008 version.  I did not find the new features useful.  I cannot make the "flag" feature do anything, so I gave up on it.  Now I would like to make OCCASIONAL use of the Tag and Notes features, but to do that, I would have to make them  available.  The problem is that this would add two extra keystrokes when entering a check as the Amount column is at the end.  Quicken claims that you can arrange the register\'s columns anyway you like, but I found I could not move the Amount column to be next to the Category field so as to avoid the extra keystrokes.  You would think that fields that are not used for every entry would be placed after the Amount field which has to be filled in for every entry.  Of course one could theoretically hide Tag and Notes and call them up only when needed, but surely the information on them ought to be visible all the time so that one does not overlook it. In any event, it is much easier to stick a notation into the Memo field rather than call up two other fields from time to time.  In all fairness, I think the Attachment feature might be useful but I have not yet have had occasion to try it. In conclusion, if you do not yet have a program for keeping track of your checks or finances, I would strongly recommend Quicken Deluxe 2011.  Over the many years I have used Quicken, it has undoubtedly saved me hundreds of dollars in duplicate contributions or extended subscriptions, and thousands of hours of time. But if you already have a version of Quicken that works on your computer, and which you like, you may not need to upgrade.', 'I have used other virus protection products, including Mcafee and Kaspersky, over the years and they either seem unfriendly in some way, like too many alerts or difficulty in setting up and understanding.  The value of my personal data is beyond the use of "free" virus s/w although there is a place for them, like on a second or third computer that you would like some protection for, but, really don\'t need that much protection.  But, then, with s/w like this, a 3 pack, why have different s/w on each machine?  Pick one for all of your machines to make your life simpler.  My only concern with Norton is that I still don\'t know how to completely "shut it off".  That is, I weekly backup my computers to an external hard drive.  Sometimes I just do an image, sometimes I clone.  I am concerned about things running in the background that may corrupt the image or clone.  I usually turn off the internet, but some, like Norton, like to run in the background when nothing else is running.  That\'s great for CPU performance, but, I really don\'t want it running when backing up.  I\'m still not sure exactly how to tell it to STOP!  I can\'t remember any time when Norton, or the others for that matter, have let me down and have allowed my system to be corrupted.  I simply have more confidence in Norton.  For me, it\'s simply - would you rather buy a GM or FORD or a Yugo, if you remember that brand?  I have downloaded s/w from Amazon and others and have been okay with not having the discs themselves.  With these "multi-user" licenses, I prefer to order the discs. That way, I can keep better track of how many licenses I have used.', "Because of nerve damage I have a difficult time typing and thought that this software would be useful.  I purchased a good digital microphone and installed the software.  Setup seemed easy enough and the learning software was reasonable.  I didn't use it much because it seemed to have problems with Microsoft products (though I could buy an upgrade that - in theory - worked better).  A couple weeks later I purchased another piece of software for learning a foreign language and soon neither worked.  I uninstalled the language software and reinstalled the Dragon software and was plagued by a window that was always trying to re initiate the program (never successfully).  Not an uncommon problems I researched it!  If I completely wiped out the program (including deleting the sub-directory and clearing out the registry) the program would work once.  I have Windows 7 64bit, 12 gigs of ram, an i7 chip and 2 terabytes of HD space so hardware should not be a problem.  I gave up on Nuance.  Then the cards and email came from Nuance to buy version 11.  They were worse than the most persistent telemarketer.  I ignored all the cards and mail and then the phone calls came.  Even after I listened to one sales person's entire pitch and told them no repeatedly they STILL called and emails every day.  I rue the day i gave them a valid phone number, email address and home address.  If you do buy this software give them a PO box and not your real phone number!!  How well does the software work?  Not great, but acceptable for someone who has the time and patience to go back over and correct 30%.  The new software claims a MUCH better rate of recognition.  Instead of giving purchasers an update, they chose to soak people by getting them to buy a new package.  I gave them two stars instead of one because for some applications they do work better that typing it all in by hand, but do not be foolish enough to believe that this software will transform how you enter words into your computer.", 'The most remarkable thing about Snow Leopard is simply that it can be installed on a Mac running Tiger. You do not need to pay the money to buy the boxed set to upgrade if you never upgraded to Leopard. This means that you can upgrade a Tiger computer to Leopard using this disk. It is up to the user to determine if they have an ethical problem with that; Apple certainly knew that this was possible when they released the software: they understand and use DRM effectively and always have. The fact it is missing here tells me that they are primarily concerned with getting Snow Leopard unto as many computers as possible as fast as possible. I am sure part of that is the desire to have Snow Leopard outperform Windows 7 which debuts in October. If you are updating from Leopard, Apple has continued to make it inexpensive for a family using more than one machine by pricing the upgrade at about $10.00 a machine (assuming you use all five). Not bad.  So what do you get with Snow Leopard? The answer is largely performance boosts, although many of those are not really applicable (yet) since few (virtually none) third party applications use the performance gains offered by Snow Leopard. Similar to Windows 7s ability to load share between CPU and GPU, many of the changes in Snow Leopard will take several years for developers to really start to use and write programs for.  Relying on 64-bit architecture through the entire OS, Snow Leopard is essentially an upgrade for the future: as developers write programs that take advantage of the new, higher ceiling, end users like you and I will benefit. For now, most of the performance increases are only applicable to Apple\'s own software. However, that\'s not to say these aren\'t nice or useful, and in some cases very impressive:  1) Opening large photos is faster in preview mode  2) Quicktime uses significantly less CPU on all Macs regardless of generation. Older Macs benefit the most with as much as 40% performance gains.  3) Time Machine backups take about 20% less time  4) Snow Leopard itself installs faster than Leopard  5) Boot times are faster with Snow Leopard by 5-10%; Shut down times are slightly faster as well.  6) File compression is also faster by 10-15%  (These are somewhat simplified. If you want the exact numbers you can find them online: Google "Snow Leopard Performance")  Of all of these, the performance increases afforded to older first generation Macbooks are the most significant. Breathing new life into older hardware isn\'t easy, especially not significant improvements. Snow Leopard manages to do just that and make even slower 1.6ghz MacBooks that much more useful.  Installation itself is a SNAP (did I mention it takes less time than Leopard?). I\'ve already upgraded a MacBook and MacBook Pro, and installation was simple, fast, and easy. I plan to install Snow Leopard on another older Macbook later in the week and will upgrade this review once I have.  The few new visual tweaks are nice, but not the reason to upgrade. Better stacks is useful, as is the quickness of Finder, but overall I don\'t find myself blown away by the upgrade. This isn\'t an entirely new OS with a fantastic array of improvements, aside from the welcome and useful performance increases. That said, if you are a power user or just observant, you WILL NOTICE the speed increase, especially in Finder.  *****UPDATE September 2nd 2009*****  A few other changes of minor importance but sometimes great usefulness:  1) Air Port now shows all available wireless networks and their relative signal strength, something Windows has done going back to XP, but that for some strange reason has been absent from OSX 10. X until now. Now when you turn on the Air Port you get a drop down to select which wireless signal you want as well as signal strength.  2) The date has been added to the desktop. This isn\'t that amazing but it is useful.  3) I am LOVING the way stacks work now. They\'re so much more intuitive to use and navigate, especially the ability to brows through directories directly from the stack itself.  4) Trash has the ability to restore a file to it\'s original location right from the trash. This is a feature common to Windows that has been very strangely absent from Mac OS. It\'s nice to see them catch this omission and correct it, but very odd it took this long to do it.  A MAJOR complaint:  1) Seriously, no support for CS3? Why Apple, why? I don\'t have the grand to drop on the newest version of CS. This is very, very frustrating, and makes me wish I could take back a star and downgrade this to a 4-star review. CS3 is still so widely used that I\'m amazed Apple decided not to offer support for it. If you want to continue to receive support for CS3 or don\'t have the money to upgrade to CS4, this could be a big deal and even a reason not to upgrade.  A Minor complaint:  1) One of my time machine back-ups for a co-workers Mac was seemingly corrupted by the upgrade. Fortunately they didn\'t have any old data they needed from that backup so I just made a new one with Snow Leopard that mounts just fine, but this is something to be aware of. If you have a critical time machine backup that you cannot afford to lose, I\'d suggest making a backup of the entire drive (clone it) using SuperDuper! or something like it.  *****End of update*****  Snow Leopard will grow in usefulness as time passes. As I said earlier, once third party applications start to be written to take advantage of advancements in the OS, the performance overhead will become more and more useful. Expect to wait 6-12 months for that to happen, but in the mean time at least you\'re enjoying speedier OS performance for an very inexpensive price!', 'I purchased the 2013 Quicken before researching on Amazon - stupid error. First - I had the same trouble doing the transfer as other users - there was no warning that the password on my old file had to be removed before the upgrade was installed, so I could not open my data file.  So, three hours later, having finally deduced that there was no other option than to uninstall 2013 and reinstall 2010, then remove the password, reinstall 2013 (but this time in a separate directory)and transferred the file and decided against a password for now, tried entering a few transactions.  Rubbish! Total RUBBISH! Entering a price for a listed option took no time at all, but after each entry, the program ground away for up to 20 seconds before allowing entry of the next option price. (Quicken does not download option prices correctly, so they have to be manually entered) Everything is slowed down in the Budget area, making the feature valueless. Presentation is  changed for many reports, so you have to re-learn report building, etc. etc. etc.  After trying the system for several days, I uninstalled 2013, returned to 2010 Premier, and pray that Microsoft will see the errors of their ways and bring MSMoney back. Of course, when I took the software back to the retailer from whom it was purchased, demanding refund, the store refused - but one of the clerks told me that "lots" of people had returned theirs as well, and Intuit\'s response had been that the customers were just trying to cheat their way out of paying for "a perfectly good product."  A last point - Intuit gives you an on-line discount of 20% on their garbage product, some banks tout that they have negotiated the same 20% discount - Amazon makes it 30% - but I wouldn\'t buy it again with a 100% discount and an apology letter from the Chairman of the Board of Intuit after he fired the Intuit developers and their over-paid management for this software travesty.   - - - - - subsequent update 1/1/2013  Glitches? You betcha !!! If you are working on a PC with a non-US keyboard and/or a non-US English compatible character set, you have to re-set your entire system to use the US English standard, which wreaks havoc with spreadsheets, correspondence and non-US proprietary software files. Reports are not easy to define when multiple currencies are involved, and currency conversion is confusing at best. Oh, yes - when you re-start your system after re-setting the character set, your internet connection parameters are lost, so figure on re-entering them from scratch - pay no attention to the error messages spat out by Quicken - they are wrong. Just re-set the connection, and re-start Quicken as soon as you calm down from your hissy fit about the absurdity of a badly-QC\'d software from a $***&U*I outfit like Intuit.  BLACKMAIL !!! BLACKMAIL !!! BLACKMAIL !!! BLACKMAIL !!! I have used TurboTax from this same renegade outfit since before the Roman Empire was founded, and whilst having the occasional gripe, loved the tax preparation software. But if you purchase TurboTax 2012, IT WILL NOT TRANSFER YOUR DATA FROM THE 2010 QUICKEN SOFTWARE - YOU HAVE TO UPGRADE TO 2013 QUICKEN IN ORDER TO TRANSFER YOUR FINANCIAL DATA FROM 2012 !!!  This kind of entrapment of customers - deception if you are feeling charitable, highway robbery if you are being realistic  - is totally unacceptable, reprehensible and borderline theft. My license to use 2010 Quicken was valid throughout 2012, yet Intuit won\'t allow me to transfer my data to Turbotax because the license expires in 2013 ???  This kind of maltreatment of customers is why I curse the days of birth of the Intuit developers and their demonic management, and light candles to ask that their genes never be permitted to be passed on to another generation of thieves and scoundrels. I also pray that one day soon a team of honest developers (in a software company that doesn\'t have as its top priority the ravaging of the customer base in order to increase the value of stock options for the top managers) will write a solid tandem of software products that blows Intuit out of the water - and blasts those developers and managers back into the fires of Hades from whence they come.  Update 8 Jan 2013 - - - - -  If you have foreign accounts, beware! When transfers are made from Quicken 2013 (Q2013) of 2012 data entered in Q2010 and transferred into Q2013 because TurboTax 2012 (T2012) will not take data from Q2010 . . . Euros are not converted to Dollars when the transfer to Turbotax is made! My compensation is paid directly into an account in Europe denominated in Euros - but the transfer takes the total amount and calls it dollars. The interest on my bank account is kept as the same number, but shown as dollars, not Euros. Same for everything else I\'ve checked so far. I don\'t think the IRS would be amused if I trusted Intuit\'s software. Neither should you.', 'If you\'ve had the chance to see Apple\'s newest attack add against Windows in which the nerdy PC guy goes back through time talking about how the most recent version of Windows will fix all the problems from the last, you might be asking yourself if it really is worth upgrading to Windows 7. Aside from the fact that the add is grossly unfair (considering Apple released quite a few OS during the same years as Windows, and none of them were perfect either), the add has a point: some Windows versions have been inferior or even downright terrible (ME for example). That said, Windows 7 is a great OS, really a dramatic improvement in many ways, and should not be ignored. The short answer is you should absolutely upgrade from either XP or Vista. The longer answer is still a yes, but that you need to understand what you\'re buying and how you can use it first.  I think much of the confusion about this version of Windows 7 surrounds the title \'upgrade.\' Many have taken \'upgrade\' to mean that one can seamlessly move from XP or Vista without having to reinstall anything. This is not always the case depending on what OS you are upgrading from. Here \'upgrade\' means that you are \'upgrading\' from one OS to another. The retail versions are being sold for systems that have no OS in place at all--for example a new system build. I agree that Microsoft (and Amazon for that matter) could and should have been explicit about this--unfortunately they were not, and that\'s left a sour taste in the mouths of many, which I totally understand. Adding to the confusion is that you can seamlessly upgrade from Vista Home Premium with this version, but NOT Visa Professional, NOR Vista Ultimate. Microsoft did not do a good job of making the seamless upgrade paths clear, so here they are:  If you are upgrading from XP (any version) you MUST do a clean install of Windows 7. No seamless upgrade route is available. However, you CAN do a dual boot installation that will allow you to keep XP and run it in tandem with Windows 7. This is a great route if you have programs that may not run on Windows 7 (I\'ve yet to find one myself--everything I have runs perfectly). If you have XP, you should do a clean install. Even if it is time consuming, it bears a multitude of benefits for you and your computer in the long run. If you\'re dead set on upgrading from XP and keeping your programs, you could try&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Laplink-Windows-7-Upgrade-Assistant/dp/B002TOL9S2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Laplink Windows 7 Upgrade Assistant</a>&nbsp;but I would NOT recommend it.  If you are upgrading from Vista, here is what you need for a seamless upgraded:  Vista Home Premium:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Microsoft-Windows-7-Home-Premium-Upgrade/dp/B002DHLUWK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium Upgrade</a>  Vista Professional:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Microsoft-Windows-7-Professional-Upgrade/dp/B002DHGM50/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Microsoft Windows 7 Professional Upgrade</a>  Vista Ultimate:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Microsoft-Windows-7-Ultimate-Upgrade/dp/B002DHLV8S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Microsoft Windows 7 Ultimate Upgrade</a>  Keep in mind that you MUST install the same system type (32-bit or 64-bit) as your current version of Vista to have a seamless upgrade route available! You cannot upgrade from a 32-bit to a 64-bit system and keep your programs (well actually you can keep some of them, but more on that later). Since you are provided both 32-bit and 64-bit installation disks, you can choose which version you want to run. If you have newer hardware, 64-bit is probably the way to go as it is faster and will allow you to take advantage of more than 3.5gb of system RAM.  The silliest part of the upgrade scheme is that you CANNOT do a downgrade \'upgrade.\' In other words, you cannot downgrade from Visa Ultimate to Windows 7 Professional through the seamless route! This defies logic and explanation from Microsoft, and is the reason I\'ve knocked a star off an otherwise nearly perfect OS.  Personally I did a clean install of Windows 7 64-bit over a Vista 64-bit system (I chose the clean install method because I believe it represents the best route to a trouble free and \'clean\' feeling system). I installed over my old Windows directory (which I had backed up by creating a disk image using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Acronis-True-Image-Home/dp/B001DSGXFY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Acronis True Image Home</a>&nbsp;just in case anything went wrong. Installation took about 30 minutes, actually much faster than any other OS install I\'ve ever done. All of my hardware was recognized and drivers were installed without a hitch. The old windows files are moved to a windows.old file which contains all of your user accounts, program files, and old Windows files. It is possible to open the programs file (in windows.old) and copy over many programs into your new programs file and some of them will work perfectly fine. I was able to do with with all my web browsers, a few computer games, and some random applications. Not EVERYTHING will work, but many will and it\'s worth at least testing it out.  I\'ve since upgraded several other computers (my wife\'s laptop, a few computers at work). My wife\'s was a simple streamline upgrade from vista home to Windows 7 home (32-bit to 32-bit). It took a bit longer, probably about an hour, but managed to keep all programs and settings from Vista. The others were clean install upgrades. The only one that I had an issue with was upgrading a 32-bit system to a 64-bit system. I installed to a different hard drive and booted up to W7 just fine. However, I could not delete the old windows files from the previous installation. I followed various Googled help pages on taking ownership of files, etc., but was unable to get all the files to delete no matter what I did. Ultimately I was forced to physically remove the hard drive, put it into an enclosure, and delete the files using a separate computer. The UAC (User Account Control) system that prevents system files from being deleted was in this case out of control and impossible to overcome--even for an middle-advanced computer user who knows how to troubleshoot/problem solve using online resources. For someone with less experience, it would have been even more frustrating I am sure.  Many others have gone into great detail about the feature set of Windows 7 and the various improvements from Vista, so I will not spend much time running through all of them again. Suffice it to say that Aero works wonderfully, QuickSnap is amazing, especially on a larger monitor, and that all of the visual tweaks are nicely done and very welcome. The reorganization of the start menu is wonderful and makes the W7 task bar nearly perfect. Add a simple dock program to the mix like RocketDock (google it) and this OS is hands down better than even Snow Leopard--which is pretty awesome.  Performance is also great. My boot time went from 1:47 to :56! Nearly a minute faster! (Hardware: E8500, P45 Asus Striker MB, 8GB ram, Hd4870 x2 in crossfire). Overall the OS just \'feels\' faster, snappier, and easier to use. Everything Vista wasn\'t, W7 is.  I\'m very pleased with W7, and aside from some miserable communication from Microsoft about what upgrade means and what can upgrade to what, it\'s nearly flawless. If you want a stable, fast, visually appealing and advances OS, W7 will not disappoint. Just make sure you know what you\'re buying so that you don\'t end up dissatisfied.  4/5 Stars.', "I wrote a review of this product a few months ago that dinged it pretty hard. I had purchased it, tried it and shelved it. I took it off the shelf after someone challenged me to try working with it and to review it again. Well, not much has improved in my thinking. A few things are a little more convenient (after you get accustomed to them) but overall the program is a drag on time consumption and ease for writers (authors). The 'ribbon' is okay, but it takes up room so in the end I dump it (hide it) and work without it until I need to use it. I convert books to eBooks and at that time the Ribbon is okay, but not more efficient than Microsoft 2000, actually making hyperlinks in 2000 within a document or to the Net is a ton easier in MS Word 2000 than in this version. For some reason Microsoft must have felt that hyperlinks should be made as difficult as Adobe makes them in InDesign. MS Word 2010 provides a neat image compression button for Web use and eBook use but does not resize them, so in the end I use Photoshop for that. BTW, you can resize the image for your local printer, but that does not resize it for the Web or eReaders. IMHO, 2010 is better than 2007 but fails to improve on Word 2000 and is therefore, just another change for marketing purposes and not necessarily for those who need to create material. I have Microsoft Office 2000, Word 2003 and Word 2007. I dumped 2003 and 2007 (uninstalled them) and now use MS 2000 for the bulk of my work. I have kept MS Word 2010 installed, but find that I don't gravitate to it, simply because my time is too valuable to put up with the geeky stuff.  Edit December 19, 2012: I have now had MSWord 2010 for about 8 months. For writing copy, books, etc. I still prefer MS 2000. For making eBook files for others I use the MSWord 2010. A few updates have helped with hyperlinks, but that's about it. The picture compression is handy for making eReaders like Kindles, Nooks, and other EPUB and iBook files. MS 2010 does open all older files and you can save them in the older version format if you need to. But I confirm again that MS 2010 costs too much labor time to switch copy writing or the writing of books and other large documents from 2000 to 2010.", 'I have used Norton Antivirus since it infancy as a MS-DOS program.  I have stuck with the program because it works and works well, and with each new release it works even better.  For those who use Norton Antivirus 2003, there is little difference in the program, and perhaps the primary reason to move the newer version is the renewed subscription you will receive; the interface is the same.  Rather than radically changing the program from year to year, Symantec has made little improvements which enhance overall performance.  The results have been the consistency of a program that does the job of stopping viruses and does it well. Installation: Installation of Norton Antivirus 2004 is as straight forward as it is easy.  Barring any gaffes, the program will install and then ask you to register with Symantec which I recommend since this will setup the virus signature subscription program which lasts a year. Technical Note: A virus signature is a file which contains information the antivirus program needs to defeat viruses and clean infected files.  Without updated signature files the anti-virus program would soon become outdated.  Symantec, through Live Update, continually downloads new signature files to Norton Antivirus 2004 via a subscription service which is part of the program.  However, the service lasts only a year and must be renewed-for a fee of course. Users-like me-who also use Norton Internet Security 2003 (which shipped with Norton Antivirus 2003), will find that the program also interoperates with Norton Antivirus 2004.  During the installation process the older version will be removed and Norton Antivirus 2004 will be integrated with Internet Security 2003. As is the trend in software these days, Norton Antivirus 2004 will have to be "activated" either by the Internet or phone within 15 days of installation or it will stop working. Upon completion of the installation process Live Update will run and update the program with the latest program files and virus signatures.  Live Update will continue to run in the background (whenever you are on the Internet) in order to keep Norton Antivirus 2004 up to date.  First Impressions: I am still impressed by this program.  As I stated above I have used Norton Antivirus for a number of years and I have grown to respect its functionality.  Symantec has fixed the once vexing problem that plagued earlier releases of Norton Antivirus, resource allocation, as the program had a tendency to consume more than its share.  This is no small issue since the program runs in the background.  However with the release of Norton Antivirus 2003, Symantec licked the resource issue, resulting in a much better functioning program. The sole purpose of an antivirus program is to protect your computer from viruses and this is where Norton Antivirus 2004 outshines the rest. Norton Antivirus 2004 protects your computer in the background in three primary ways: * Auto-Protect: protects your computer in the background by continuously monitoring system files for malicious code, including the boot sector, and memory.  Also checks files as they are downloaded from the Internet or from a floppy or other removable disk.  This option can be turn off.  * Inbound & Outbound Email Scanning: as the title implies, Norton Antivirus 2004 integrates with your email program and automatically scans incoming and outgoing email, or can be set up to scan either.  In the case of outgoing mail a small box will pop up from the task bar indicating scan progress.  And incoming virus via an email will result in a popup box asking you what you want done with the offending code.  This option can be turn off. * Script Blocking: monitors script-based viruses like those encoded in emails of applets executed from the Internet, and alerts you to such behavior, stopping these viruses before they can infect your computer.  This option can be turn off. I utilize all three options because I spend a lot of time on the Internet and I continually receive email, both personal and professional.  Just today Norton Antivirus 2004 detected three viruses in spam sent to one of my email addresses.  To me, the program pays for itself the very first time it saves your computer from a malicious attack. Virus Scanning: Norton Antivirus 2004 can accomplish virus scanning manually or via scheduled events which you can control.  Manual scans can be accomplished at any time and the option exists to scan the following: * My Computer * Scan all removable drives * Scan all floppy disks * Scan drives * Scan folder * Scan files Custom scan jobs can also setup and run immediately, or scheduled to run at a later time.  I have setup the program to scan my network drives every Saturday night at 2:00 A.M. and my computer at the same time on Sunday, thereby freeing me from worrying about doing a complete scan on a regular basis.  Norton Antivirus 2004 does it for me! Conclusion: Virus protection has gone from a nice-to-have utility to a necessity that every computer connected to the Internet, or a network (work or home), or used jointly, cannot do without.  For me Norton Antivirus 2004 is the best anti-virus program on the market, and I highly recommend it.']
["Super simple to replace if you're somewhat mechanically inclined. These particular ballasts are smaller than the OEM ballasts I replaced. I didn't worry about drilling new mounting holes and all that. I was lucky enough to be able to use just one of my mounting screew holes from the old ballast to hold them in place. If they were going to be accessed daily, yeah, but they're not. One mounting screw was plenty to hold the ballast in place while I worked.    You'll find yourself cutting the supplied wiring as there is DEFINITELY plenty to work with. I was also able to utilize the slip lock wiring terminals on the existing bulb sockets as well. So that, along with knowing how to read a wiring diagram, allowed me to be able to jumper the yellow sockets and not have to use a single wire nut on anything but the input power wiring.    Once installed, the lights came on instantly without any type of hesitation.  I was used to my old ones taking a couple of seconds to come on, so that alone was a plus. Also, there is no humming or buzzing when the lights are on. If memory serves, the old ballasts buzzed from day one. All I'm seeing from these is a bright, quiet, flicker-free light when I hit the switch. I figured I was going to have to replace some of my old bulbs as they were getting pretty dim. Definitely a surprise knowing all I had to do after replacing the ballasts was run a damp cloth over the bulbs to knock off the dust to get light as bright as I had when I first installed them.    If you have a dual T-12, 40w bulb light and need a ballast, you won't be disappointed with these. I just installed them, so I'll update if anything changes. Right now, I couldn't be happier.", "I've been using Quicken since 1992 when I got a free copy as a promotion when I bought some other software product.  At some point I started keeping our full financial records in it, including cash transactions.  I'm glad I did.  I now have a nice historical record of our living costs over the years.  I can tell you for example, that in 2009 I spent $9500.59 for groceries and $3470.33 dining out for a family of six.  Escalating energy prices brought along pretty high inflation and in 2012 I spent $11,112.46 for groceries and $5704.92 dining out.  There is all kinds of useful data you can easily draw out by using the reports feature in Quicken.  In 2009 we spent $3188 on fuel for our vehicles.  In 2013 that figure jumps to $6656.  There's some serious inflation... I currently track 32 accounts in my primary Quicken file.  They include, cash, checking, savings, investments, IRAs, and property accounts.  Everything is in one place and it makes it all quite easy to manage.  If my Quicken file ever became corrupted and I didn't have a good backup I'd be devastated.  For that reason I make redundant backups and replications to more than one location.  Now, what about Quicken 2015 specifically?  I really don't know why I purchase Quicken again every year.  But I've gotten in the habit.  The last few years have seen a Quicken full of bugs introduced to market. For that reason I waited a while before getting the 2015 version.  Posts by others throughout the internet world indicate that the 2015 version was quite buggy as well.  When I read about users Quicken data files getting corrupted... I worry.  Quicken must do a better job and ensure they put out a solid product when it first hits the shelves.  Quicken is a very useful financial program.  To get the full benefit you need to use it for 100% of your finances... except maybe for your under-the-table black market activities :). You don't need to replace it every year.  Every 3 or 5 years would be often enough.  For 2015 the only really noticeable change that I saw was I could request a free credit score through Quicken. I started that process but aborted it when I was asked to provide my social security number.  At that point I decided I didn't really need to know what my credit score was.  Quicken is already such a full featured program that Intuit must have to jump through hoops to figure out stuff they can add to the program.  As the program gets more and more bloated I would imagine that new Quicken users might find it more difficult to figure the program out...", 'If you\'re looking at Ultimate, chances are it\'s for one of these three reasons:  1) You have Vista Ultimate and don\'t want to lose all your programs/settings (more on this in a moment) 2) You want BitLocker hardware-level encryption.  You\'ll need to do some tinkering with a USB key or have hardware that supports it (see comments to this review for details) 3) You regularly work in multiple languages and need to easily switch from one to the other  Unlike Vista Ultimate, Windows 7 Ultimate doesn\'t offer DreamScenes or any other eye candy different from its cousins Home and Pro.  In fact, if you were a fan of the Windows Vista DreamScenes, you should know that you will be losing them when you step up to Windows 7.  Some very important things you need to know about upgrading:  1) There are two types of upgrade:  "in-place" (where a Vista machine upgrades to 7 and you get to keep all your programs) and "clean" (where you lose all your old programs and settings). 2) Anyone going from XP to 7 will have to go "clean". 3) Anyone going from a different Vista to 7 (for example, Vista Home up to 7 Pro, or Vista Ultimate down to 7 Home) will also have to go "clean". 4) Anyone going from any Home or Business Vista to 7 Ultimate can do an in-place upgrade. 5) Enterprise Vista can only upgrade to Enterprise 7. 6) You cannot do an "in-place" upgrade from 32-bit to 64-bit.  If you have to do 2) or 3), all is not lost--I\'ll explain in a moment.  Before you even buy a 7 upgrade for your machine, stop by Microsoft\'s website for two things:  a) download and run the Windows 7 Upgrade Advisor.  Run it with every device connected to the machine that you\'ll ever want to use in 7.  It\'ll thoroughly examine your machine for any roadblocks and give you good advice about upgrading.  Even very new machines will have one or two programs that need some checking. b) Go to the Windows 7 Compatibility Center and double-check anything that came up negative in the Upgrade Advisor (or didn\'t show up at all).  This site lists detailed compatibility info on a LOT of different devices.  Anything major, like a video card or sound card driver, I\'d recommend double-checking with the manufacturer\'s website to be sure.  This almost burned me on two of the machines that I upgraded.  Last, make a backup.  There\'s a free tool called Macrium Reflect that can do this for you.  Do you have to do a "clean" install, but just want to carry over your user accounts and settings?  Microsoft makes a program called Windows Easy Transfer that\'s already in Vista (and XP users can download it from Microsoft) that will export your accounts and settings and let you import them back again.  It\'s very easy to use and does a good job of putting your accounts back together again, even going from XP to 7.  Do you have to do the "clean" install, and you don\'t want to reinstall all your programs?  Laplink has an offer for $19.95 that will let you use a special version of their program "PC Mover" to upgrade one machine one time.  Read the documentation in detail.  The most important thing to doing a "clean" install is that in the Upgrade setup you choose "Custom".  Windows will take all of your major files and place them in a folder called "Windows.old".  PC Mover and the Easy Transfer program will use this folder to reconstruct your system from, so this is VERY important.  I wish I had more space to go into detail here...bottom line is, if you plan ahead a bit, upgrading to 7 will go very easily (and if it doesn\'t, you\'ll have something to fall back on).', "I've been using H&R Tax Software for the last three years. Before that I used Turbo Tax. I actually like both and have no issues with either. I'm able to get through all my entries easily, and file my taxes with ease.  My situation is simple though, with main work income, interest from savings accounts, and a few dividends and stock sales. I don't deduct much since I don't own a home.  H&R Block Tax Software does a great job of going through every section step-by-step. The program does a great job of providing additional information for any section or question they ask.  The calculations have been accurate for me all three years. I usually file in March, and I also run through other online programs to verify that they calculate the same refund or amount owed.  The program installed easily without any problems on my AMD triple-core PC with 8 GB of RAM. It should install on most computers easily, as long as yours isn't completely outdated. It imported my data from the previous year. And when it was time to file, it did it without any problems. I love this software. I also loved the Turbo Tax software when I was using it years ago. But since H&R Block software has been cheaper, I just pickup this one.  As for the costs, the federal program is included and e-file is also free. The state program is included, but the e-file is what you have to pay for if you do that, and that's usually around twenty.  But you can always print out the forms and send it by mail.", 'As of early November 2013, this is not ready for prime time. With a library of around 10,000 songs, it is a very frustrating experience. The app is very slow to respond. Spends too much time obsessing with thumbnails and syncing and refreshing and other things in the background and does not prioritize music playback and user input. Especially when you are in the "Computer" tab. If I want to play music that lives on my actual computer, it should be click and play immediately. Not wait for syncing and whatever else the app is doing before it lets you play music.  Part of the problem is that it only has two library viewing options, and they are both graphics heavy. It should have an additional option that is a plain list of albums and songs. You pick an album and play it. You know, a music player! Not a gallery of pretty pictures. The left pane keeps refreshing or doing whatever it is doing, adding to the frustration and unpredictability of the program.  I thought iTunes was slow and bloated, but after using this, *shock*, it gave me a new appreciation of iTunes. It\'s that bad.  To add insult to injury, the "download" option of the web browser version of the Cloud Player now sends you to this desktop app. The desktop app makes the browser version of the Cloud Player look like a work of art. If a browser version of an app outperforms the desktop version, you have a problem.', "Hello, Says it can make my laptop run faster. I tried it and it did. It claims it is easy to use. Yes, it is easy to use. It claims it won't make a mess of my laptop. Right again. I used the easy button and believe the claims the developer made are accurate. UPDATE I installed this on my 64bit OS and soon received a message from the developer informing me that I need to discontinue Win cleaner on the 64bit OS. Due to reports of inflicting damage to the OS. I've been attributing the 64bit OS problems to MS updater loading the AMD 64 drivers on to my desktop w/Intel processor. Side Note...MS is really getting to be pain in my butt! UPDATE Wincleaner is a type of software that gets well...stolen. My KAV burned me and I in the end nuke the drive. I asked the software developer if I could have another shot at loading the software because unlike modern software that has the ability to recognize that it is back on the same computer (FAIR USE CLAWS) this software will not recognize the fact the it's reinstalled on the same computer. I call that stealing back the product.", "I've used TurboTax for about the past 15 years to prepare my relatively simple federal and state returns.  It makes interpreting the changing and confusing tax forms, rules and instructions fairly easy to do.  While very helpful in deciding which numbers go where -- and this becomes easier and more automatic each year -- the biggest help for me is that there are no longer math errors in my forms.  I had to recheck each form at least twice when still doing the taxes on paper.  This is a big time saver. You still have to keep good records, save receipts for reporting sales taxes from online purchases (yes, you do, even though many folks don't), keep donation receipts and a computer file (TurboTax does this for you) or paper file of previous tax years.  If you get audited, you will need the paper trail. TurboTax offers a number of extra-cost services along the way as you work through the program;  it's up to the user to decide if they are worth the extra money. Many state now offer free on-line state tax filing.  E-filing state taxes online costs extra from TurboTax.  Generally, you just have to enter numbers manually on a free state web site.  All the information is provided by the TurboTax printed forms, so you just copy the numbers requested.  This has worked well for me for several years. Each year, TurboTax improves the program and makes it easier and more accessible.  I'm very satisfied with the results and will use the program next year. The download version from Amazon will save you a couple of bucks;  you don't really need the CD version.", "I am a rapid fire touch typist and until recently I had no interest in voice-recognition software, because I type very well. However I was recently injured in a fall, and my left wrist is in a splint and I simply cannot type. This forced me, as a professional attorney with lots of writing to do, to investigate this Dragon voice recognition software. I have now been using it for about a week, and I can truly say that my life will never be the same.  This software works amazingly well. Firstly, let me say that I had no difficulty at all installing the software. I installed it on both my work and home computers and both times it installed effortlessly with no issues. Some of the other reviews stated that Dragon is difficult to install. I did not find this to be the case.  In terms of performance, I find Dragon to be little short of amazing. There is a bit of a learning curve. Firstly, Dragon likes it if you speak the entire sentence at one time. It clearly derives which spelling of the word to use by the context of your sentence and if you break your sentence up into phrases you will get a somewhat higher error rate than if you speak the entire sentence at a time. I have now trained myself to do this and the performance of Dragon when used in this fashion is pretty spectacular.  I am now exploring Dragon's learn function and it appears to work very well. In the legal business we use a number of somewhat odd words which at first Dragon had problems with. However using Dragon's learn features I have managed to add many of these words to Dragon's vocabulary with the result that Dragon handles these odd legal terms very well.  I will update this review after I've been using Dragon for a longer period of time. However, right now, I can truly report that Dragon has saved the day terms of my productivity at work. I simply cannot get by without being able to type things myself. The days in business when executives and lawyers had a secretary to take dictation are long gone for most of us. It is simply too expensive. Dragon handles this function beautifully and I cannot overstate how pleased I am with the program. At the price that it costs here on Amazon Dragon is a howling bargain and I am delighted that I have discovered it. Highly recommended without reservation. RJB.", "I installed the 64 bit Premium. Since I was testing the Beta RC1 for a month so I expected what to see in the released version. After doing a clean install, I didn't have any problems with Vista recognizing my hardware except for my Epson photo printer which I expected since it wasn't compatitable in the Beta version.  I ran into a couple of software compatitabilty issues.  Since I have 2 hard drives, I kept XP on the other drive in case I have to play old games.  I knew that Vista wasn't that much better than XP function wise but it did offer a different look with the Aero feature which meant I had to upgrade to higher end video card but it was worth it.  I was very disappointed when I discovered that the defrag program didn't provide choice in what drive to defrag(I have 8 partitions) or any kind of status bar to view to actually see if the program is running.  Get a third party defrag program.  Setting up my network was a little tricky since the default workgroup name was changed to Workgroup from MSHOME in XP and I wasn't aware of that.  I couldn't setup a new printer on my network XP laptop since it couldn't use the printer driver from my Vista computer. After going to the Vista Community forum, I discovered how to setup a new printer port on both computers.  The Sidebar is a nice feature. The control panel is more in depth  Overall I'm disappointed that there wasn't a major change in Vista after 5 years of XP but it does have a lot of bells and whistles.  People are saying that the $159.00 price tag is overpriced but you get a lot more than the Basic such as the Media Center program and Aero feature.  If you don't need the extras then buy the Basic. At least you have a choice in features.  But I do recommend keeping XP on a separate drive as a backup OS", 'I have used this product for many years.  They have added new features to this version.  There are tools that allow you to maintain your computer, easily.  This is a good choice for those that are not computer literate.  The system installs and updates easily.  from there it can be pretty much hands off.  It will tell you when something needs to be done.  There is system optimization that will clean up and defrag hard drives.  It can recognize the difference between hard drives and solid state drives (if you are on Window 7 or later) so it handles them appropriately.  Another nice feature is a history screen that lets you know when computer events took place.  i.e. downloads, virus scans, detection of issues, etc.  You can click on an event and see the details of what it recorded.  I have used Norton quite a few years on several computers and have never had a virus issue on any of my computers.  This version does a lot more in total system maintenance and is a good buy.', "I've had Kaspersky Internet Security on my computers for well over 5 years and when it came time to renew I wanted to see what else was out there because I wasn't as happy with the product the last two years and it was increasingly expensive.  I spent a couple hours researching the various options and decided on this Webroot Internet Security Complete 2016.  Before installing (from disc) I made sure to do a complete uninstall of Kaspersky so I would not have issues during install. I installed this on my desktop (HP, Windows 7) and laptop (also HP, Windows 7) and had no problems with installation at all.  The disc did not auto run on either so I opened up the file folder and started it manually (select WRSetupCD).  It was a very quick install, took about 7 minutes on each computer and that included the initial scan it does during installation.  I did an additional scan just to be sure after install and that took 1 minute and 24 seconds.  During set up it asks you to review and accept agreement.  It asks for your email address.  It gives you the option to receive special offers and newsletter from them or not to.  Pros + Reasonably priced + Very quick install + User-friendly interface.  Very easy to navigate and understand what you are seeing. + Not obtrusive.  Doesn't slow down my computers or interfere with performance at all + Quick scans + Useful Utilities (System Optimizer cleans up files and System Analyzer lets you know ways you can improve your computer's performance)  Cons - haven't encountered any yet.  I have not had to use customer service and have not had a threat to the computer to see how it handles that.  I will update the review if that changes. *Update* I've used customer service and had good response times and they've been helpful.  I have had a few threats and they were dealt with.  **Update** I've been using the product for a couple years now the one complaint I have about it is that when the product is 30 days from expiring it starts to give you warnings and a yellow exclamation point on your toolbar that you can't shut off.  It's very distracting and annoying and feels like it's badgering you to buy instead of just reminding you that your protection is about to expire.", 'Moving to Windows 8, even 8.1, was the last thing I wanted to do. If forced to do it, I was convinced it would not be for a long time. I was very happy with Windows 7, as I was XP Pro in former years. My plan was to upgrade from Win 7 Home Premium to Ultimate and, with the added features and security, stay there as long as possible. But, actually I found that to get there was more getting improbable than I imagined, or just unfeasible. I had waited too long to do those Win 7 upgrades. Microsoft was no longer offering them. There were no bargains left. With what looked like bargains, I was seeing too many people getting burned with counterfeit copies of software. The software available that was legit, priced itself out of reach (yes, the unfeasible part).  Then, I saw this option. With some promotional credits I could use, and the list price of this upgrade, the cost would be insignificant. Most of the reviews I read here helped me to overcome the last vestiges of the stigma I saw attached to Windows 8. The free upgrade to 8.1 was helpful because that\'s where I wanted to go and make my computers have the look and feel of Win 7. It worked!  It was quick, pretty straight-forward, and included the entire migration of programs, features, and files from Windows 7 to Windows 8.  The initial download took less than 20 minutes, building an ISO file (which I didn\'t use) another 10, and the shortcut (mentioned below in the reviews) of first downloading and installing only the "kb2871389" update, permitted me to move right to the 8.1 upgrade. Once there, the 8.1 upgrade and the other updates took some time. I finally downloaded "Classic Shell," which was the last step necessary to give the look and feel of Windows 7.  I highly recommend this. I believe that this will give lasting life to my desktops. This is a stable operating system. You won\'t notice much of a difference at all. And, with this option, you cannot beat the price!', 'Besides disk \'cloning\' - which is the reason I purchased it - True Image offers numerous backup and protection options and adds a number of utilities meant to preserve one\'s privacy by allowing to truly erase files and truly remove all traces of online activity.  True Image allowed me to upgrade my laptop\'s drive from a puny 60GB 2.5" SATA to a 500GB 2.5" SATA and do it without having to reinstall the OS, apply the service packs and then reinstall and configure 100 different little apps. True Image allowed me to do all of the above in about one hour, saving me countless hours of painful patching, reinstalling and reconfiguring. ____________________________ DISK CLONING:  The Utilities section has a \'clone\' option that would copy EVERYTHING, including the Master Boot Record/Sector (MBR) from the puny 60GB drive unto the 500GB while allowing me to control the size of the active partition - this while the 500GB was connected through a USB wire and the laptop booted off the program\'s CD.  Once the operation completed (50 minutes) I simply removed the old 60GB drive off my laptop and replaced it with the 500GB drive. Once the laptop was turned back on it booted up happily, with a 200GB master partition and a 300GB second partition. There are 3 words that I have to use to describe the process: PERFECTION and COMPLETE SATISFACTION. This capability alone is worth the price of this product.  True Image even offers the option to completely clean up the old drive - for privacy - once the cloning completes - I did not dare to that but I may do it later. ____________________________  The backup/restore/recovery/protection features are numerous and they allow for a great deal of flexibility. I will probably add to this review later, after I become more familiar with them - there is a 135-page manual to read. At this time, I set up a backup schedule that would work while the computer is idle, whenever the external storage media happens to be plugged in.  Additional utilities include:  - Drive cleanser - remove confidential information. - File shredder - completely erases the selected files. - System cleanup - destroys all traces of usage history. - Try and decide - which I haven\'t tried yet, would allow me to install \'stuff\' I find on the Internet and, if anything bad happens or I don\'t like what I got, it will restore my environment to what it was before I got myself adventurous.  I wish it was possible to grant this product more than 5 stars. This is a MUST HAVE for those who wish to replace the drive that came with their laptop and not go through the pain and frustrations associated with reinstalling and reconfiguring everything. ______________________________ Note to Acronis:  Did you REALLY HAVE to force your customers to enter a SIXTY-FOUR CHARACTERS activation string?', 'Pros: * Easy and automatic daily backup of all your Windows computers * Easy file sharing * Familiar Windows GUI * Great for non-techies but only after it\'s setup correctly * Low system requirements by today\'s standards * Easily add to storage by just adding drives to make one "big pot" of storage * Easily set up a shared folder that duplicates files across more than one HD in case one HD fails (just toggle a setting)  Cons: * BEWARE! When upgrading to an SSD, I found out that WHS would not restore to a smaller partition than the original. Instead, I had to use Acronis TrueImage to do this - which worked great, BTW. * The restore disc did not detect any network interfaces on a Dell 1525 notebook... so a bit of a hassle since correct drivers would have to be found for it to restore. * Terrible policy of having to do a "server reinstallation" to use an OEM key when you use the trial version. This loses all your settings and installed programs but supposedly not your data... plus you have to download and install a ton of updates (80+ as of mid Jan 2010, and then another 9 on the "second pass"), all over again. * Not only the above, but also had to reinstall the connector on all the machines to get the connection back to the server. Very disappointing. * Driver problems - some drivers may be non-existent or difficult to get. I had to stick an old 10/100 Intel network card in the machine so that it could get on the Internet and get the right network drivers for my Gigabyte motherboard (Marvell Yukon 88E8056). And I had to do this TWICE because I had to do the server reinstallation. * If you have to deal with what I did, then setup could take you a lot longer than you\'d expect. * Can\'t easily use a USB external drive to backup your Windows Home Server if you also want to backup the backups. I wanted to backup everything, including the backups, to a 2TB ioSafe waterproof/fireproof external USB HD but it would only backup the shares and not the backups. However, it seems this can be done manually so I created a script to copy the data directory to the external ioSafe drive and I will set this script to run weekly. Take a look at the Microsoft Technical Brief on Backup and Restore on what to do. * No easy encryption, especially to external USB drives where you might want it more, but you might be able to use TrueCrypt to provide encryption. * Difficulty activating even after a server reinstallation - got message number 32777 - had to fiddle with Internet Explorer settings to get it to work - see Microsoft Support Article 816897 if you have this problem too  The Test: * I\'m simulating a failure by changing out the SSD in a Gateway T-6836 with Intel T5750 CPU notebook computer running Vista x64 (changing from an OCZ 60GB Solid to a Kingston 40GB SSD that uses the Intel 2nd generation controller). * I downloaded the latest WHS Restore CD (2009-11-23) from Microsoft and installed it. It placed a CD ISO image in the installation directory and I used the Windows Disc Image Burner tool (included in Windows 7) to burn the CD. * I removed the old OCZ SSD from the notebook and installed the new Kingston one. * I booted from the restore CS and it asked me if I was restoring a computer with less than 512MB of memory or 512MB or more of memory (shouldn\'t it be able to figure this out?) - I have more than 512MB so I chose that option. * Looks like it booted into a version of Vista. * It asked me about drivers - looks like all the needed drivers were already available (good) - otherwise I had the option to provide/install them. * It looked for my Windows Home Server and found it - then asked me for the WHS password. * It asked me what computer to restore and from which backup day. It defaulted to the correct computer. * It asked me some questions about the restore disk and I had the option to use a "Disk Manager" but I didn\'t. * Restore started about 2:58PM and finished (reported SUCCESSFULLY) about 3:36 PM so about 38 minutes to restore 28.7GB of used space according to the properties dialog for the C drive (The new SSD is a value SSD and has a slow sequential write speed of about 40MB/s - its biggest downside). * FINAL RESULT: It works smoothly! I did not run into any problems that can be attributed to WHS while restoring the system. Couldn\'t have been much simpler.  Other: * Based on Windows Server 2003 * Giving it 4 stars out of 5 because once it is setup, it\'s easy to use and works well, but the setup and activation itself was very poor. * I installed RealVNC so I could access the desktop easily. I prefer it over the Microsoft provided solution (Remote Desktop).', "** UPDATED** After about two decades of using Quicken and regularly upgrading, I am kicking Intuit to the curb. I upgrade when I want. Period. The last time was June 2012 for Quicken. There has been nothing in newer versions to make it worthwhile to pay for an upgrade. Intuit / Quicken doesn't like that and tried to strong arm me into purchasing version 2015. Unless it's free, I don't want version 2015. It has nothing for me, but I received notice today that if I don't open my wallet and give them $20, they will take away features from my 2012 version. I have to upgrade or lose the ability to download transactions. In order to continue using that feature, I have to buy it again? Business must be bad to resort to bullying. I'm jumping from Intuit's sinking ship and looking at other options. If I find nothing, I'll rather use a spreadsheet than go back to Quicken. I know that if you give a bully your lunch money today, he'll try to force you again tomorrow and every following day. Nope, I'm standing up now and saying: Hey Intuit / Quicken, get the * out of here and go pick on someone your own size! --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- About 15 years ago a friend recommended Quicken to help me manage my finances. I haven't been one to jump on the new releases. Quicken Deluxe 2012 is my 3rd upgrade and I am once again not disappointed.  My finances are nothing spectacular. I have a checking and savings accounts with two brick and mortar banks, plus another of each with ING Direct. There are loan accounts for my house and one car. 9 credit cards and 3 brokerage accounts complete my financial picture.  While the capability has been available in previous versions, this is the first time I've used the automatic update feature. I love not having to sign in to each institution's website to get transaction info to enter. Quicken pulls the info for me and presents it in an manner that allows me to accept or edit each individual transaction.  The calendar is one feature I've used and relied on for many years. I credit it for having helped me not miss even one payment in over a decade.  I can't help you compare Quicken to any other finance software, because Quicken is all I've ever used. That said, I can't think of one thing or function that I would like that Quicken doesn't provide.  The one thing that irks me is how dramatically the price has gone up since my last version. 2012 cost me more than double what I paid in 2006. With the exception of the price of the software, I am 100% satisfied.", 'BEFORE YOU UPGRADE:  stop by the Microsoft website and run the Windows 8 Upgrade Assistant (link in the comments).  This program will comb through your system and offer you detailed analysis of what will and won\'t upgrade.  It offers links to articles that explain in detail what you may need to do, and it can save you a lot of headaches.  For example, I have a laptop with no USB drivers--yet!  I now have a link to the manufacturer\'s website that I\'ve bookmarked and when drivers become available I\'ll upgrade that machine too.  Windows 7 has been a well-received OS, so the case for upgrading to Windows 8 has been difficult for Microsoft to make.  While the look and feel of Windows 8 is strikingly different, for the most part it boils down to one huge change:  the Start Menu that we have had since Windows 95 is no longer a menu.  Icons are now displayed as tiles of varying widths in a full-screen splash.  Some of this makes sense in that some of today\'s programs are more like the Windows Desktop Gadgets we\'ve seen in Vista and 7:  rather than needing to be launched, they idly stream information to you, and need a bit more room to be easy to read than the older Start Menu could have allowed for.  If you\'ve used Windows Media Center, Office 2010, or an XBox 360, you\'ve already been interacting with similar interfaces.  This sort of UI has been slowly making its way into Microsoft\'s products for a while now.  UPDATE: Amazon customer Robert Haines says that there is a program called "Classic UI" that would restore the old look, so if you\'re dead-set on new code that skips the new UI, you might want to try that.  There is also a program called "Pokki Menu" that will let you make your own customizations and last, Stardock makes a (paid) program called "Start8" that will also roll back the Start screen.  The Windows 8 desktop looks exactly like it did in Windows 7 and Vista, except there\'s no Start Button: you\'re expected to press the Windows key or move your mouse to the bottom corner of the screen to launch the tile dashboard. The desktop has the tray of running programs you\'re used to in earlier versions, shows you wallpaper, and offers access to the Windows Explorer for looking through the files on your hard drive. All programs can be launched directly off the tile screen, and while Windows 8 apps always run in full-screen, older programs run from within the Desktop and can be resized. We have a version of Internet Explorer accessible from the desktop that looks just like IE 9 did in Windows 7, then we have a version of Internet Explorer in the tile screen that looks entirely different.  Some parts of the Control Panel have the tile look and feel and the options cascade left-to-right like the Home screen in any MS Office 2010 or 2013 product.  Other parts of the Control Panel look exactly like they did in Windows 7 and before.  Unfortunately, I haven\'t found a good pattern for this yet:  you may flip from one side to the other in order to do something like troubleshoot a network problem.  Performance-wise, Windows had been slowly moving away from always-running programs that drain performance to background services that would launch programs as needed...but this too started to get unwieldy.  Microsoft have stripped several services out of Windows 8 which by default makes the OS more efficient than 7.  Any machine that could run 7 can also run 8.  Programs that used to run, shut down, then have to be fully re-launched to run again are instead put in a standby mode so they can launch faster when called again. The Windows Vista and 7 "Aero effects" that gave your windows a glassy sheen and rounded corners used graphics and CPU to run, so they\'ve been stripped out of the tile UI in favor of simple color schemes and blocky edges (though you can still see a subdued glassy effect on the Desktop).  Interaction with Windows in this new look and feel is easier if you have a touchscreen or you\'re using a tablet, and if you\'re a Windows Phone user the territory is already pretty familiar.  The downside for mouse users is that you occasionally spend time hunting along the edges of the screen for scrollbars and dragging screens around to be able to interact with everything.  My chief complaint with Windows 8 hasn\'t been with the Tile layout so much as the fact that the scroll bars are too skinny.  For some features, time will tell.  I\'ve found the Tile UI version of the browser to be less compatible and more cranky with websites, but I expect that to change given time.  I like the fact that security/antivirus are rolled into the OS without me having to take care of them or be interrupted with update notifications.  The OS runs Windows Updates on a schedule that\'s far less aggressive than previous versions and won\'t nag you about rebooting when it needs to.  I\'ve been told that the performance for gaming is supposed to be greater simply by virtue of a cleaner codebase, but I haven\'t seen anything substantially different on the PC apart from faster boot-up and shut-down times (I did benchmark my machine with 3DMark11 and, after some adjusting, noticed a higher score).  The basic applications like Weather, Photos, Stocks, Mail, and more are very user-friendly, but solely within the context of the new look & feel:  expect little familar ground and a lot of new territory, and the assumption that you should be using a touchscreen.  If you have a Windows Live account and/or SkyDrive, these can integrate fully into the OS:  so much so that you would sign in to the computer with your Windows Live/Hotmail account and everything you do would be synced to Microsoft\'s cloud if your account has SkyDrive.  Windows 8 requires you to purchase a license for Windows Media Center separately; you still have Windows Media Player, but the Center is a separate application now, available for sale in the Microsoft Store.  UPDATE, 11/2013:  Microsoft has now released Windows 8.1, an update to the OS that mostly attempts to make the user experience better.  If you purchase this copy of Windows 8, you will be offered the ability to update it to 8.1 at no additional cost.  The upgrade is pushed through the Windows Store that is part of Windows 8.  Personally, I\'ve done clean installs of 8.1 from the MSDN media and done an in-place upgrade via the store, on both my desktop and laptop, and have not had good experiences.  I don\'t personally recommend the update at this time for that reason.  Sooo....if you go the Windows 8.1 route, there is then a Windows 8.1 "Update for Windows 8.1" that you should probably pull down that puts one more round of fixes into the OS.  Reviews so far have been positive--minor adjustments like putting the power button where it\'s easy to find and making interacting with the Tile UI have been needed...but surprisingly it also lowered the OS\' system requirements to where it can run on as little as 1GB of RAM.', 'Having been a satisfied user of PaperPort 9 for many years, and after hearing continued horror stories about every subsequent release, it was with great trepidation that I finally decided to upgrade to a newer version.  The upgrade to PP Pro 14.0 went smoothly, and I have used the product daily since then, and despite some quirks and bugs, I am happy that I finally upgraded.  I have used PaperPort 9 extensively since it came out years ago for scanning and organizing virtually all paperwork that comes through my home and office, and it has long been one of the "must-have" applications that I use every day.  When I upgraded from Windows XP to Windows 7 Pro 64 bit, I was dismayed to discover that PP 9 would not run on Windows 7 (nor would my Canon scanner), so I installed VirtualBox and used it to host a virtual Windows XP machine in which I could continue running both PP 9 and my scanner, which actually has worked pretty well.  (I tried the "XP mode" in Win 7 but it did not have good USB support that I needed for the scanner.) But PP 9 and my old scanner were aging and becoming more difficult to use for reasons described below, so it was time for an upgrade.  So I finally decided to take a chance and modernize with PP 14 and a new scanner.  Mindful of all the problems some people have reported, before doing the upgrade I took precautions.  To make sure that I could roll everything back if PP 14 messed up my system, I forced an immediate full backup to my Windows Home Server (I HIGHLY recommend anyone who uses Windows to get one of these), and then also set a system restore point in Windows 7 (via Control Panel/System).  This turned out to be unnecessary insurance because the upgrade completed without any problems.  The biggest problem I have had with PP 14 has been just figuring out all of the changes since version 9, which are extensive (and most of which I don\'t need), and also figuring out how to mate it up with the software for the new Canon scanner that I got to work with it.  Both PP and the scanner have a lot of options - everything seems to get more complicated, not less - and it took me a while to discover the best set of options for each.  Good things: - The user interface is much more modern looking, and is visually similar to the Microsoft Office 2007 ribbon bar - love it or hate it. - It is noticeably faster than PP 9, especially when it comes to displaying document thumbnails.  My collection of scanned items is very large, so PP 9 was taking a long time to display any new folder full of documents.  PP 14 is much faster, which alone almost makes the upgrade worthwhile for me. - It creates and views PDF version 1.7 (the latest version), while PP 9 would only create and view PDF 1.4 (the version used by Acrobat 5).  That limitation in PP 9 was also another major motivator for my upgrade. - It, together with my new scanner, produces better images, faster than before, and also automatically applies some fixes such as auto-straighten which works very well. - And it runs natively under Windows 7, allowing me to get rid of the need to start a virtual machine in which to run Windows XP - this was taking a lot of memory, as well as extra time.  Not-so-good things: - The user interface and workflow are more complicated than PP 9.  I don\'t need a lot of that stuff, which adds clutter and complexity. - I have experienced several non-critical (but nevertheless annoying) program crashes. - It apparently just won\'t work with the TWAIN driver for my scanner - only the WIA driver.  Neither PP nor my scanner was able to shed any light on this - I just had to muddle through by experimentation. - After installing PP 14, which comes with a bunch of auxiliary applications such as "PDF Viewer Plus" (which is made by DocuCom), I was unable to display most PDF files from Google Chrome - downloading important things like financial statements would result in an error box titled "PDF Viewer Plus 7.1 - A file error has occurred."  This was a serious problem for me, but I was finally able to solve it by a non-obvious Chrome fix:  Type "chrome://plugins" in the Chrome input line to bring up a list of plugins, find "DocuCom PDF Plus" and disable it.  Overall, two weeks after upgrading from PP 9 to 14, I am satisfied with the product and my decision to upgrade.', "I'm erasing my former review, writing a new one, and changing my rating from 2-STARS to 3-STARS (meaning okay).  I think the program may possibly be doing what it claims so I also purchased usage for a second year.  I gave one of my older computers to a neighbor kid and used Drive Scrubber to remove everything from the hard drive.  I then used the software that came with the old computer to restore it to a like new condition.  I don't actually know if criminal investigators, or information hackers, can restore any of the erased data or not.  But for me, at least in this instance, it doesn't matter.  But understand, I cannot prove that the program actually works.  For sure, its not perfect.  For one thing, when I analyze a disk before erasing deleted data, its result is over-printed on the text and cannot be read.  This is clearly a glitch in the program.  It existed in the first copy I installed, and it exists in the new copy I installed after removing the first - even after downloading the newest version.  This glitch of course, could be caused by my own computer or other software corrupting the program.  I just don't have the computer knowledge to know one way or the other.  Anyway, the program is cheap, uses little computer resources, and may be performing as advertised.  I just cannot know for sure.  You pay your money and you take your chances.", 'PC Mag [...] had rated this very highly which is how I learned of it.  The full article is available at [...].  It is a very good, inexpensive, dependable backup software application.  It has good flexibility and is user friendly (for a backup program).  It allows you to back up an entire hard drive or just selected folders and files.  You can do full or incremental backups and you can schedule them or initiate them manually.  I have mine scheduled for a full backup once a week and a daily incremental backup, all to a removable USB hard drive.  You can tell it to break the back up into 2 GByte slices so you can keep the backup hard drive nicely decluttered by running Windows defrag program from time to time.  We have a Windows XP operating system and it works very well with that.  The program also allows you to create a disaster recovery CD and a corresponding disaster recovery backup on a hard drive.  You can set levels for compression and encryption and set password protection or not.  The more the compression and encryption, the longer the backup takes but the smaller and more secure it is (the default values are fine for me).  You can also adjust the intensity of the backup effort so it will run more slowly in the background so it won\'t interfere with you while you are using the computer or more quickly if you schedule the backups to be done at night (as I do).  The manufacturer was very responsive when I had some initial questions about it.  Unlike Norton Ghost, which we also have, it will not communicate on-line when you tell it not to.  To add to my initial review one year later (January 2010): in a year of ownership I have greatly benefited by learning to depend on the program\'s termination features. You can have it just run the backup on schedule and stop, or after the backup you can also set it to automatically perform "power" functions. These include shutdown, log off, Standby, and Hibernate (assuming you have configured your computer for Hibernate). What this means is that my copy of this program at work starts a backup a little after my normal office hours and shuts the computer down afterwards. So I get an incremental backup of the day\'s complete work without spending productive office time doing it and save energy by turning it off, too. At home I have it tuck itself into Standby after our normal bed time. So we get full use of the computer all day, a backup of the day\'s activities afterwards, and don\'t let it run up our utility bill, either. And Standby turns off the USB backup drive as well to preserve its longevity.  On the other end of the spectrum you can set it to wake up your computer from Standby to run a backup before you need to use the computer.  The settings also show up in the Scheduled Tasks for Windows XP and Windows Vista (unlike any of the Ghost products). We now have four licensed copies of Genie. It is easily a better backup tool than the others we have tried: Norton Ghost 10.0, Norton Ghost 14.0, Norton 360, DT Utilities\' PC Backup Pro, or the native Windows XP and Windows Vista backup programs. Genie does what you tell it to, unlike Norton Ghost which has a fit because it missed one day\'s scheduled incremental backup or Windows Vista\'s native backup which will only restore the computer to the way it was when the backup was made and therefore requires the same size hard drives partitioned into volumes exactly the same way (sort of a joke because by the time a good hard drive wears out you find they do not make them that small anymore so you can not replace it with an identical hard drive!).', 'I know, giving a product one star because it fails at one feature that not every user needs may seem unfair.  But everyone knows Amazon\'s rating system is utterly subjective -- and for me, this one failing on the part of Quicken Deluxe 2011 is extremely annoying and devastating.  I had been using Money 2006 for several years.  As everyone knows, that product line was discontinued due to lack of demand.  I decided to get Quicken Deluxe 2011, which promised Money file compatibility.  While waiting for Quicken to arrive from Amazon, I uninstalled Money 2006 to reclaim some disk space.  To my great distress, I discovered, upon launching Quicken, that Money must be present on the system for Quicken to import the Money file!  According to the dialog box, "Microsoft Money 2007 or 2008 must be installed on your computer before we can import your Money file."  Okay, so maybe Money 2006 wouldn\'t even have worked, so it probably wouldn\'t have made a difference in my case.  But this is just absolutely ridiculous.  My Money file has no password protection, and I just don\'t see why Money is required to be installed for Quicken to read the file.  So I decided to give Quicken a spin anyway to see if it was worth my time to start from scratch.  When I clicked on that big "Get Started" button, Quicken started downloading an updated financial institution list.  After 10 minutes, it was still doing the same (the status indicator was simply moronic and indicated little).  I stopped out of that, and clicked "Get Started" again, this time Quicken began downloading a program update, but then nothing happened.  At this point, I decided to write up this review.  One other thing I also noticed is, after I ran Quicken for the first time, my quad-core PC, which had always been zippy and extremely responsive in everything, has begun to show some random slowdowns, which reminded me of the days when I ran Symantec\'s awful Norton Anti-Virus software.  I really wonder if Intuit installed some background services that have a significantly negative impact on my otherwise optimized system (Win 7 64-bit).  As you can see, my getting-started experience with Quicken Deluxe 2011 has been entirely negative.  I regret having wasted almost 40 bucks on a competely useless program.']
["I have been a Halo fan since November 2001, when Halo CE was released.  At first, I played only multiplayer, but then I discovered the depth of the story involved with the campaign and was instantly hooked. Since then, I've bought and read every Halo novel and bought and played every Halo game. The story is phenomenal, one of the best in science fiction.  And with that little preface, here is my review.  First off, this remake was made for fans of the campaign. The multiplayer is connected to Halo Reach, so even though they remade my favorite all-time Halo CE map (Hang 'em High), it just isn't the same without the Halo CE mechanics.  The campaign is more than just a remake in HD.  It feels just like the original game, because it is the original game with a new aesthetic layer that pretties it all up.  So it is exactly the same, just a lot easier on the eyes.  They implemented additional story pieces called terminals. There is one in each level, and they give you a better understanding of 343 Guilty Spark, as well as the Flood.  We also get to hunt for skulls! Yay! These skulls make the game so much fun, enhancing your abilities, or screwing you up.  Luckily, I preordered and got the Grunt Funeral Skull, which makes each grunt you kill turn into a plasma grenade. Add the skull that increases grenade damage radius and you get some crazy explosions all over the place!  At any given time, you can jump back to the original graphics from Halo CE. I had to use this feature a couple of times in different areas, but I kept it HD for the most part.  I have yet to try out co-op over XBOX live, but hear that it is quite laggy. Not a big issue for me... I prefer to play through Legendary solo.  Another feature actually allowed me to utilize my Kinect! The library allows you to scan just about everything during your campaign playthrough and creates a sweet database with a description of the things you've scanned. It's fun to go through each slide and read about each item/enemy/etc.  The audio got a complete rebuff. It sounds so good! And the newly orchestrated soundtrack is amazing. I bought that, as well, but I won't review that here.  Basically, this game is worth your time and money if you loved the campaign on Halo CE.  It is absolutely beautiful, and the new perks give it so much replayability.", 'I had been a TurboTax Deluxe user for 20 years, then his year greed became important to TurboTax, so I purchased this product.  I have just finished my taxes.  No problem installing, no bugs, no problem with update, no problem using the program.  Some background, prior to the 20 years using software I did my taxes with manuals, pencil and calculator, so I do not need much guidance so far as the process.  Am able to review my printed taxes to insure the result look reasonable. I found HR  updates were faster, movement through forms more direct and logical than TT.  TT spends more time asking questions and where as HR asks you to check a block and offers a "learn more" help screen. So if you know what you are going HR will work fine, if you are new to taxes or are using new forms TT is better.  I am retired so I only used Schedule B and D.  If the price and program schedules were the same I would give TT  five stars and HR four stars.  I have given HR the extra star because of the price.  If I had purchase TT 2014 Deluxe his year with its limitations I would have given it one or two stars.  TT if you are listening.  You say you have learned from your error.  If you bring back the old TT Deluxe in 2015 and price it reasonably I will purchase your product again.  If you play more games you have lost me to HR.', 'I\'ve used H&R Block\'s tax software (formerly called TaxCut) every year since 1995. Several times when I saw a promotional deal I purchased both TaxCut and TurboTax to compare. I found that TurboTax did not do anything better than TaxCut while costing consistently more. In addition, I like the option of being able to file 5 free Federal e-files as I do taxes for other relatives who are less computer savvy.  H&R Block software also wins if compared to the free on-line options. I don\'t like using the on-line tax programs for two reasons (1) I don\'t want my financial data to be on someone\'s web site (2) free offers include the Federal tax only.  This year I used a digital download for the first time rather than a boxed version. I liked the security of having a physical CD in case I need to re-install on another computer several years down the road. But you are supposed to be able to download the software again to a different computer and when the boxed version was not available I went digital.  Downloading the software was easy, however during the install I got an error registering the software.  When I started the software it immediately gave me a prompt to enter a key-code which (the prompt said) I should have received in the email after purchasing the software.  The email I received from Amazon contained no such key-code.  I had to call Amazon support and they told me that this information can be found following these steps 1) Log into Amazon 2) Select Your Account at the top right of the page 3) Select Games and Software downloads which is towards the bottom of the long page you see when you log in 4) Then under H&R software entry you will see the key-code that you need to enter to unlock the software  Once this was done the rest of the software functions well. In fact it looked more polished than in prior years. I always had minor display problems because I use large fonts and they never scaled quite right.  This year everything displayed perfectly.  I read one review which mentioned a problem with seeing selection boxes.  The problem there most likely caused by low screen resolution.  Both Windows and Mac minimum requirement for screen resolution is 1024 x 768 pixels or higher.  At a lower resolution, there will be problem with display such as not seeing selection boxes. Screen resolution can be changed on your control panel by change PC\'s display settings.  I did a preliminary tax return and below are my observations.  1. H&R Block starts the interview process with an annoying up-sell pitch, recommending an upgrade from Deluxe to Premium even when it is not necessary.  2. Copy and Paste from Interview screens is not possible. Sometimes I wish to do it for some issue as a reminder to myself. My solution is to do PrintScreen (holding ctl key, shift key, and PrintScreen key at the same time). This generates an image of the screen, which I paste into paint or photo editing software which I can print or save for later.  3. I don\'t use the default location for the tax returns, as I want to my backup program to back up only the data not the software itself. The software does not  initially remember this new location on startup, it tells me I have no returns.  I needed to pick the return manually from the File menu, as it does remember recently used files. The third time I started the software, it finally knew the location of the tax return file.  4. Some forms (such as foreign tax credit over the limit to be directly on 1040) require entering data manually.  This year the foreign tax credit form is some what automated, when you hit next button it takes you to the next place on the form you need to fill out (last your you were just presented the form to fill out on your own). This form is not that hard to do manually as this form does not change year to year.  5. I use large font option on my monitor display and in the past had display issues (some things were displayed on top of each other). This year all forms displayed properly with this option. This is the first time in all the years I\'ve used H&R Block software that I have no complaint about the display and did not need to change my monitor settings just to do the tax preparation. Nice!  6. H&R Block charges $19.95 to e-file each state return. Of course, this charge can be avoided by printing the forms and mailing them in.  7. In prior years the package include DeductionPro software. This year, like last year, this software is only available as an online tool. I will not use software that requires me to put my financial data on their site, and DeductionPro wants to import the data to H&R web site, so I will not be using it. Disappointing.  8. The price on this package changes day to day. I found a nice tools that shows history of Amazon prices and allows you to generate an email alert when the price reaches our desired price range.  If you enter "price history alert" in Google it will come up at the top, it has the word camel in the name.  I find this tool very helpful.  I purchased this package for $31, last year I saw the prices fluctuate between $25 and the list price of $44.99.  9.  For folks trying to download State Forms before January 16, 2012. The state forms are not available for download until January 16 for most states. If you go to the Software Update Center on H&R website you will see a section called State Updates. Under there you there is a link called "Forms Available". If you click on that, it will show a table that shows availability of forms for each State.  Right now (last checked on 1/6/2011) none of them are available.  I called about my state (Massachusetts) and they told me that most state forms will become available for download on January 16. In the software package, select State Tab and click the button that is called "Buy"  (a little scary since we already paid for it) but then "buy"  will turn into "update" and when the forms will become available they will be downloaded to your computer.  10. ** ERROR ALERT ** 1/16/12 Version of Massachusetts state return contained an error that was corrected in 1/24/12 update. If you owed taxes on your 2010 State return and paid owed tax in 2011, this payment was incorrectly included in Line 36 on the MA Form 1 as an amount withheld in 2011. This overstates the amount paid to the State for the 2011 tax year. This error has been reported to H&R and corrected in 1/24/12 update. Thank you to Tech Impaired to spotted it and reported to H&R!  I have been a H&R Block/TaxCut user for many years. The interview process is helpful in reminding you things you might have forgotten. On-line help is useful.  2011 H&R Block package appears more polished and has a number of improvements to a couple of small pet peeves I had in the past.  So I am quite pleased with it and recommend it!  Ali Julia review', "I purchased a new laptop and it came with Vista and 60 day trial of Norton Internet Security 2007.  Because I am a registered user of a previous version of Norton products I received an offer directly from Symantec to buy Norton 360, 3 PC version for less than the Amazon price even with purchase of the download-for-a-year capability.  The good:  - The download and install of the product went smoothly in about 20 minutes.  - The protection is very broad and covers all the typical types of assaults.  - The controls are easy to manage and tweak.  The bad:  - After the download, whenever I go to PayPal the logon is prevented because the browser think's PayPal's security certificate has been revoked.  Both PayPal and Symantec blame Microsoft, but it worked okay before 360 and it works fine on the Vista desktop I have protected by Live OneCare.  The workaround is temporarily suspend anti-phishing protection, which 360 makes easy.  - 2 days after purchasing the software I went online to load Norton 360 on my second desktop.  The site rejected my order number as invalid.  When I logged in to the Symantec site, it shows I have an active license but doesn't show I have any orders.  After 4 attempts I finally got a response from the Symantec email support team.  It was obvious they hadn't read the details of my problem, only the header.  They gave me the link to put in my order number to download, but of course that is the problem.  The note also warns I shouldn't contact them about the same problem again for 7 days.  I guess I could use my dime and queue up for who knows how long on their phone response support, but that doesn't seem cost effective for less than $50, especially when the result may be the same.  I have contacted the email support team again, no response at this point.  So I am less than a week into a 3 computer license with a year of download protection with only one copy working and no way to get the other copies.  If they do not respond by the time my credit card statement comes I am cancelling the software payment and will unload the software.  I have happily used Symantec products in the past but was never reduced to using their download service or online support.  It appears ignorance is bliss as my experience with the service and support is that they are extremely poor.  So if you do want to try this product I strongly suggest staying away from Symantec's online store and get the CD.  This should reduce the probability of problems and needing to interact with Symantec itself.", "Wow, I thought that I'd already done a review on this product.  Will do one, now!  Norton SW has saved my machines, almost daily, certainly at least once a month, for years.  I just bought three more of these NSW 2006, as I couldn't find them before (now have 9 sets, and I think each license is good for up to 3 machines).  You can use the program from the CD, don't have to install it.  So test usage on your machine via the CD, first.  I love this program suite.  Been using this since my first Windows PC which someone had thrown into the trash, in the year 2000.  It was due to NSW 2000 that I was able to resurrect that PC's registry.  It was a Win95 machine which the owner (who didn't know how to wipe his hard drive) was trying to convert to Win98.  He couldn't do it, so trashed the machine.  A janitor named Jesus who knew me, decided he wanted to save the trashed machine for me.  Two weeks later, on my pastor's birthday or at least the first week of it (1st April), he found me and gave me that Micron machine.  So I've been using this program since 2000.  So obviously when NSW 2006 came along, me and my newly-purchased XP were glad to get it.  With this, you can rescue your machine from updates, from installations, from anything that goes on, using GoBack (I had GoBack already from Wildfile, but Norton purchased it.)  Atop that, are the myriad of utilities which Norton was long famous for in DOS and earlier Windows.  Plus, many utilities in the 'Optimizer' and 'Check It Diagnostics' that make Windows much easier to use.  Then there's One Button Checkup.  For Win98 machines, it's a godsend.  You can do just about anything to edit or fix your registry, because 'one button' only means AUTOMATING the process, versus the rest of the utilities, which can be manually or interactively run.  Seriously, if you still use Win98 you need this program.  Two big categories of registry fixes are for drive letters or folder location changes (i.e., if you move a program from one location to another), and for entries referring to uninstalled programs which you didn't install using Norton Clean Sweep.  The more such entries clog your registry, the slower Windows is to boot, and eventually it can't boot.  So cleaning the registry is vital.  But for most people, cleaning it seems daunting, and yes can be dangerous.  That's why this program is such a godsend.  I didn't even know anything about Windows when I got that trashed machine.  But thanks to Norton, I could learn quickly, and got it up and running.  Now for XP, this wonderful program which resurrected my Windows machine from Jesus in second review paragraph -- the XP version, is not as flexible and helpful.  But it's not bad.  It finds and fixes bad registry entries usually left behind due to program or Windows updates.  I still run it weekly on my XP machines (I now have five).  You always have 'undo', so if you changed something, you can undo the change and restore the machine as if your 'fix' never occurred.  It can no longer properly edit the registry.  But for that, you can get TuneUp Utilities 2011 and later, which has the same functions as Norton here, and many more.  (TuneUp doesn't have GoBack or virus programs, however.)  There have always been complaints about NSW since Symantec took them over.  I echo those complaints.  But the solution, is to never install the virus protection, and to turn off Live Update (which you are forced to install).  I learned to do that, early on.  Don't let the partially-bad stuff reported (generally correctly) keep you from buying this, if you are still on XP.  GoBack alone is worth several days' angst each time Windows update or some program update, crashes your machine.  Many people swear by it, so just look for the reviews, or Google on 'GoBack', see what folks are saying.  For me, it's a must-have.  It doesn't work with EASEUS or Acronis or Rebit, but DOES work with Macrium Reflect 5 Pro.  Seriously: I've used this program daily for 13 years.  GoBack in particular has saved Windows crashes so often, I've lost count.  You can turn it off and on, and yes when you do that there's a long wait, because GoBack deletes all its continuous snapshots it takes of your machine's operation.  But honey, when you have a crash, and GoBack boots pre Windows, it's the sweetest thing to literally TURN THE CLOCK BACK to the time when your machine was working.  In addition, you get to see all of what happened just prior to the crash, so you can tell WHY something went wrong.  (That's how you even know when to turn the clock back, GoBack keeps a continual log of computer operations.)  If by contrast you're on Windows 7 and want to know what is the next-best-thing, try TuneUp Utilities.  I reviewed TuneUp 2011 here in Amazon a year ago, and with it 2012 and 2013.  TuneUp does all the good stuff of Norton, except it has no GoBack (but MagiCure does, operating a bit differently, so too Macrium Reflect 5 Pro).  TuneUp has no anti-virus programs or utilities, so you don't have to worry about that. :)  I realize this review needs to be more specific about what these utilities are: but there are too many to list. Just put your questions as comments to this review.  Amazon emails me per comment, so I'll know, and come answer you.  Essentially, your PC needs a lot of housekeeping, and you probably dislike at least a few of Windows' defaults.  So unless you're willing to learn 'GodMode' in Windows (a secret Windows folder you create to access a table of contents for tweaking EVERYTHING in Windows, Google on the term), get this: and this, is safer.", "(Note: This review also shows up in the reviews for the download version.  Don't ask me why Amazon doesn't show the reviews in both places for what's really the same product, with just different delivery mechanisms.  I bought the box version, if you want to know.)  This part written Dec 9, 2009 (see updated comments below)  This is of course a preliminary review (written Dec 9 based on use in the last few days). At this time one can't do more than a rough cut estimate of the tax return -- the IRS forms aren't finalized, the state forms aren't available, and of course the various income reports (W2, 1099, etc.) aren't out yet.  I don't have a super complicated tax situation this year: it just requires some things that a good tax program should handle easily. So far this program seems to do just fine. I found it easy to use, and found that imports from Quicken and from TXF files worked without any problems. Schedules A, B, and D worked just fine, and the related screens were easy to use and understand. Excess FICA was calculated correctly, as was the child tax credit. The AMT calculation does of course remain weirdly complicated (once a year I mutter to myself about all politicians in DC), but the program does take care of it with no apparent problems.  I used TaxCut last year -- chose it over TurboTax just because of cost, and was quite satisfied. I'm not convinced this year either that you get value for the extra you pay for TT. (Incidentally, note that if you have investment income you probably need to get TT Premium, so the price would be nearly double that of HRB Deluxe.)  A warning I wrote in my review last year seems worth repeating: Don't expect a tax program to apply tax laws correctly in all circumstances; for anything at all out of the ordinary, make sure you double-check against an IRS guide or another guide like JK Lasser's. The folks who design and write and test the programs make mistakes, too. And for the same reason, give the calculations a sanity check, don't just use the program blindly, or you could get tripped up by a software bug that wasn't caught.  I will update this review in Jan/Feb when I've had a chance to do more with it.  Update Jan 29, 2010:  I have now done a first complete pass on my taxes, based on W2s, 1099s, and some projected 1099s.  I also have had an opportunity to use TurboTax Deluxe (I got a free copy, legally), so have been able to compare the two products.  I continue to like HRB Deluxe.  It's easy to use, and has been trouble-free.  There are a couple of things I particularly like, that might be worth mentioning.  (1) They show you when the next update is expected, so you don't waste your time running the update check until there is something.  (2) Entering info from interest paying mutual funds that might have muni income (tax-free for Fed) is simple: HRB gives you a simple way to enter the amount that's tax-free in your state, and takes care of it without hassle.  TT can also deal with this, but I don't like their way as much (they create a separate 1099 to split the income into two parts).  Interestingly, TTD is also noticeably slower starting up than HRBD.  Don't know why.  The one advantage TT does have over HRB is on coverage of automated downloads: TT can download your 1099 info from a larger set of institutions than can HRB.  W2 downloads look the same between the two.  This does save some time, and could be sufficient to be a decider for some.  Not for me.", 'I\'ve used Acronis True Image for more than 10 years and it HAS saved my bacon at least 3 or 4 times.  In the "old" days, either Windows would corrupt your drive or, the inevitable, a drive would fail after about 3 years.  Now, it seems to me that drive failure is the biggest problem.  It WILL fail, you just don\'t know when.  I don\'t bother backing up just "critical" folders.  I "image" the entire drive once a week.  Sure, you can save your folders and data, but a large concern is getting your OS and software back to where it was.  Nowadays, you don\'t even have a disc, you download from online.  So, getting your software back is problematic and time consuming.  Along the way, there are the updates that you don\'t have even if you have a disc.  So, I "image".  I used to image to a second drive in my "tower".  Now that I have a laptop, I image to an external hard drive.  This takes six or seven hours but is not a problem if you do it at night.  Just when things look stable, Acronis comes out with a yearly update.  Being stupid and cheap, I usually upgrade to the newest version for a reduced price.  Whatever the reason, every version of Acronis comes with a new "GUI" that you have to learn as well as installation problems and bugs that take a year to resolve.  I now understand that you\'re going to have to pay yearly "license renewal" fees for a lot of things.  It\'s simply "cost versus benefit", like antivirus software.  If I didn\'t absolutely need Acronis or something similar, I wouldn\'t buy it.  But, I haven\'t really found anything else I trust yet.  Things started to go to hell again in 2011.  I ordered 2012 but it would not install.  Okay, so I\'m still able to backup.  Then, 2011 got corrupted and would not run.  Since my copy of 2011 was a result of several yearly upgrades, it would not have been easy to re-install and work my way back.  So, I went to Amazon and purchased a full copy of 2011.  That worked fine until I upgraded to W8.  Remind me again to write "I will never be a first adopter again" on the blackboard 50,000 times!  W8 didn\'t like 2011 (and several other programs).  Okay, I\'ll pay.  I downloaded the trial version of Acronis 2013.  But, it wouldn\'t install!  Without going into detail, it didn\'t like the fact that I had Seagate "DiscWizard" installed.  Guess what, Acronis WROTE DiscWizard but couldn\'t uninstall it!  So, after much screwing around and communication with support, I was able to install 2013 and image.  Because of comments from another, I think I\'m going to buy several drives that fit my laptop and "clone" my C drive rather than image.  Replacing a drive in your laptop may be a challenge for some but maybe, it would be quicker and more reliable.  I have already done it when one failed.  In conclusion, I hate the yearly change in the Acronis GUI.  I don\'t use any of the features they have except for imaging (cloning), but I have to have this or something like it.  I can\'t say that I have done an exhaustive search, but other backup programs that do imaging don\'t let you "mount" the image as Acronis does.  This way, you can look at a few files to get some confidence that the backup is intact.  So, again, after many years, I\'m going to trust the devil I know.  Edited a few days later after I successfully cloned my C: drive.  I "bumped" the stars up to 4 because cloning worked and was much faster than imaging.  I had been imaging to a 1 terabyte, 3.5" drive externally using a Thermaltake "BlacX" SATA USB docking station.  With the terabyte drive, I was able to save at least 3 images.  But, I never realized that by having all images on the same drive I would lose all if the drive failed.  Since the "BlacX" docking station also accommodates 2.5" drives, like the one in my laptop, I ordered a drive like the 500 gig drive used in my ACER laptop.  I cloned to this new drive which took only about 2 hours instead of 6 for imaging.  Also, after the cloning, you can look directly at the drive by using "my computer" without "mounting" it like you have to do with an image.  So, a little time savings.  Just to be sure, I popped open my laptop and swapped the C: drive for the newly cloned one.  Everything worked perfectly.  My plan is to buy another drive so that I can rotate cloning the two drives and always have two backup drives.  Now, it would take three drive failures, the original C: plus the two clones, before I lose everything.  Cost-wise, the cost of two 2 500 gig clone drives is about the same as the single 1 terabyte drive I was using for imaging.  Thanks to a previous reviewer for suggesting cloning.', 'I\'ve been a TurboTax user for quite a long time, and the tax prep software has been fantastic.  There\'s several small things that as I sit here to write this I probably can\'t remember.  It\'s just when you\'re doing your taxes, you go "That\'s cool", and move on. :)  I do love the ability to check against my own stupidity in entering things incorrectly.  This software is great at what it does.  Properly file my taxes.  Usually finds me a few bucks better in deductions and all that, too.  Honestly, it\'s tax software.  Hard to write a lot about it.  We all know about filing taxes, this software does that well.  However, about the pricing which most people seem to be talking about..  I don\'t have a problem with this move. Mostly because I only file one return, and I e-File. For me, this move saves me $5. The program has traditionally cost me about $20 (I buy basic), and then I efile, so my cost in the last few years was $35. Amazon is currently selling this for $30, so I\'ll save $5.  If I was someone who did multiple efiles then I might feel differently, but for me, this is a positive. I\'m not naive, I can see where people might have issues with this due to situation. That I don\'t have a problem with.  However, a lot of the complaints I\'m reading here are from people who seem to like to complain.  God help you if you have a positive opinion about something, you get branded stupid, your opinion is invalid. It seems that the only way you can be accepted anymore on the Internet is to have a negative opinion. Sigh.  Edit: Since I posted this review, I saw some additional text go up on the product description for TurboTax.  This text reads "FREE: 5 federal e-files and unlimited printed returns included with every TurboTax 2008 product."  This was not part of my original review, and it seems to imply Intuit has backed off some of the initial E filing limits.  As I have not filed, I cannot attest to how this actually works at this time.', 'Update 3: 06-04-2010  My xp machine at work was having problems and before I did anything, I UN-installed PDF coverter pro 5. [as per Nuance instructions]  I ran a repair on windows and everything was running fine again.  I RE-installed pdf converter pro and crap!  When I went to activate, it said I had activated this copy of pdf converter pro 5 the maximum number of times....blah...blah....blah...  Here we go again.  Then it offered me a button to click on to BUY the program?????  I went over to ebay and picked up NITRO PDF 6, on a charity auction for like $40 (w/free S&H)  I tried a few pdf creations and a few pdf conversions with NITRO PDF 6 and so far it looks to work just as good, or better, than nuance\'s pdf product.  I\'ll contact Nuance about the problem by fax (can\'t seem to reach them any other way without PAYING for assistance. If their !#@!$$#@^%  product wasn\'t such a PITA, no one would have to contact them).  Needless to say, I downgraded this product\'s rating to a single star.  Update 2: 04-04-2010. Reinstallation of XP operating system CRIPPLED by nuance trying to revalidate license CONSTANTLY during the reinstall of XP.  My XP MCE 2005 operating system lost access to it\'s HAL.DLL file, requiring a reinstall of the OS.  This PITA pdf converter lost it\'s ability to validate it\'s license and CONSTANTLY preempted my XP reinstall attempts. Two attempts at removing the pdf converter still did not stop it from trying to validate it\'s license. Even used JVPOWERTOOLS 2009, to remove EVERY registry entry for pdf converter AND nuance; still invaded my reinstall of XP. It got so crippling that I simply used a new hard drive, initialized it and did a clean install of XP; then transferred data/user files afterward.  The validation process they use is a real PITA.  I\'d gladly pay (...) or even (...) to just get a USB security dongle , so they can get rid of that USELESS license verification process, built into their product.  Nuisance (oops, nuance) has NO fallback for those times you must do a clean install on your OS, (AND are unable to access your OS in order to UNinstall their product "Prior to" the OS reinstall).  ------------------------------------------ Update 11-01-2009  Be forewarned about activation & loss of product usage.  ------------------------------------------ Attention !!!! WARNING !!!!  Nuance does things a lot different with their product\'s installation & activation. A couple re-installs of your windows operating system due to windows issues; and/or a couple hardware upgrades like new video card or new hard drive, and PDF converter 5 could cease to function.  My installation had this problem recently. At almost (...), you expect a program to function 24/7/365. When mine stopped working, it really interrupted my work production.  So, If you have this software installed and want to upgrade/changed ANY internal PC hardware, you MUST uninstall the pdf converter pro 5 software "BEFORE you make ANY hardware changes" !!!  NOTE: UNinstalling the program in effect "DE-activates" your pdf converter pro 5. Thus "releaseing" the license key and this doesn\'t count against your "5 license activations", before product QUITS working!  I work with pc hardware and do pc repairs/upgrades 40+ hours a week.  On my work PC, I have upgraded my mobo 3 times this year. My hard drive twice. (one of the perks of being the IT helpdesk guy) (last update was to an Intel i7 Core.)  Recently I had lost windows booting abilities, so I installed a newer, larger, hard drive. So I installed the brand new hard drive and did a clean XP Pro installation.  As soon as I loaded PDF Converter 5 Pro, it wanted to activate.  Then it went online a few seconds and then an error window popped up saying I had exceeded the 5 activation allowances that Nuance allows.  I emailed Nuance the details. I mentioned how I own 4 retail box copies of this s/w.  After going back and forth with support, they re-activated my license number.  But I could not make PDF files or about 2 days.  *****How to prevent this from happening again?****  If you are using PDF converter 5 on your PC, then ALWAYS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS do an UNinstall before changing ANY pc hardware.  The activation process takes serial numbers from the internal components and uses them for activation calculations. (probably the serial # of mobo and/or hard drives).  When a serial number changes due to new hardware, the s/w launches another activation attempt. Five activations are allowed before the s/w is disabled.  You MUST UNistall the software before doing hardware upgrades, to keep the activation counter from decrementing one of the 5 activation allowances.  This is the sort of thing that should be listed on a neon colored label, on the CD\'s paper sleeve or jewel case. And/or on the box it comes in. I told Nuance this, but I doubt they\'ll do anything about it.  Unforunately, it is not like there are a lot of choices for the combination software of PDF maker with a PDF converters.  You have: 1. Nuance pdf conveter pro 5 2. Nitro pdf. 3. PDF tools [by solid documents]  Adobe\'s acrobat pdf maker is pricey and has no conversion abilities. It only creates PDFss.  Other single function s/w conveters are:  Able2extract Docudesk PDF conveter elite  Oh, and as far as product functionality, this software does okay.  PDF to word conversions do okay with text; but sort of crappy with images. (But it seems to be this way with all pdf converter applications).  ------------------------------------------------------------ I\'m on day 1 of using this software.  Creating a PDF is working fine.  Converting an existing PDF to MS Word is working fine, so far.  Converting an existing PDF with a table inside it; into MS excel is working OK, so far.  Annoyances/problems:  1. After installing software onto my PC, an annoying "activation" NAG screen keeps popping up everytime/anytime I launch the program and/or toggle between CREATING a PDF vs CONVERTING a PDF. Plus it decrements from 30 uses to none.  So off I went to ACTIVATE this whiner!  2. Activation:  a. I just went online, registered,  and then activated it, but apparently it requires further  MANUAL intervention by the enduser (lazy programmers at Nuance). Because I am still getting the pop-up about not being activated.  b. License key & activation problems: The setup/installation onto your PC works just fine with numbers and LOWER case letters . [For entering the alpha-numeric license code during installation of the software onto your PC].  But as soon as you get to Nuance\'s website and try to activate/register, by using their "Paste-serial-number-from-clipboard" button, you get an error! These boneheads keep kicking back your serial number as INCORRECT until you make it ONLY numbers and only "UPPER case" letters. (why doesn\'t Nuance spend  a couple bucks on a 5 minute programming "FIX"  and let the stinking webpage AUTO correct a small issue like these)  Next, trying to correct a serial number which was already "pasted" into the Nuance webform box [but contained lower-case letters]. Whenever I\'d click my mouse next to a lower case letter and try to CHANGE it to an UPPERcase letter, a wretched pop-up window keeps WHINING about using "The PASTE button function only". For every 1 lower-case letter you try to change to upper-case; you have to answer 2 pop-up windows and make them go away. [Hey tightwads, fix your website\'s serial number entry form). [Go to Elance and hire a programmer for (...) an hour and FIX the problem with "YOUR" [NUANCE\'s] website]  I tried to be  nice  and contact Nuisance (whoops, I mean Nuance) about their problem. (Starting off an end-user experience like this is NOT going to endear me to rush out and buy any more NUANCE products; especially  if they can\'t make the registration & activation process easier, functional and more streamlined)  Here\'s a frustrating experience; Just try contacting these Tight-fisted pukes with a simple FYI, to tell them about a website issue of their\'s.  These pukes  expect you to shell out (...) per incident  just to contact them. Sorry dudes, I\'m not paying to fix YOUR website problems.  SUMMARY:  Pros - products looks/acts OK so far.   - cheaper than Adobe  Cons - Just hope you NEVER need to contact NUANCE for ANYTHING. Or I should say; PLAN to NEVER contact them. [you can\'t even throw them a bone about how to improve their website without getting hit up for (...)]  -poor activation web setup  - Deceptive/hidden cost details about tech support :   - no mention on software box   - no mention inside box, nor in User manual  I bought this program for myself. Once I test-drove it awhile, I was going to make recommendations to a large client about maybe switching to Nuance (from Adobe). I really have my doubts now; especially regarding their "nickel & dime-ing" attitude toward their end-users.  09-24-2008 update:  I tried converting a bunch of pdf\'s to word, so i can work with the data within the pdf\'s.  The program goes fairly fast through the conversion process, until you reach 99%. Then it sits there for what seems like an eternity.  My core-2-duo is not pegged for CPU usage (only 25-50%), but the hard disk light is almost solid.  I found that this program really has a hard time with any text within a book\'s front cover. Mostly comes out as a mangled mess. The text pages are decent in the translation. But plan to run auto-format within Word, to get things cleaned up.']
["I just finished the install of this unit.  I have never installed a garage door opener and did everything by myself.  It took about 12 hours to do everything.  It was a lot of steps and a lot of work, but I think Chamberlain did a very good job on the instructions -- I would rate the clarity of the instructions an 8, and the overall design for install-ability a 9.  There were only a couple of things which I didn't think were really good enough in this system.  First, the mounting brackets are thin and flimsy.  I went to the local hardware store and bought a much sturdier slotted angle bracket and am much happier with the stability of the installed unit than I was with the bracket included.  Second, the insulated staples we made of nice copper wire, but the insulation was really lame.  It got the job done, but it sure seemed of poor quality compared to everything else.  I can't imagine why they would go el cheap-o on such an insignificant cost item.  Both these items are ancillary items so its really a nit.  I was pleasantly surprised that each of the remotes came with batteries and pre-programmed.  At the end of a 12-hour install I was so glad I could simply push those buttons and, voila!, everything worked.  One thing to mention about the light bulbs... the instructions say not to use LED bulbs for fear it might interfere with the radio signal for the remote controls.  I had a couple 40 watt bulbs in my unit and they were getting quite hot, but they were very dim.  So I tried using some of the Home Depot special LED bulbs and the remote controls work very well from as far away as I can imagine using them.  The bulbs are Philips 60W Equivalent LED Bulb Part # 9290011350  Overall, I am very happy.  I would not be happy if I spent 12 hours installing this unit and felt it was of poor quality.  In the end, this unit has far more features than I was expecting and its perfect for my situation.  I did not buy the myQ accessory with this purchase because i wanted to make sure i was happy with the basic product.  I am very seriously considering getting the myQ kit now.", 'Not worth the price! Once again this year, I found myself once again stuck with having to buy a copy of TT Business to do a simple 1120s, which has to be filed by March 15th, for a small S corporation.  Ouch, there goes $120!!  The only good news is that the software appeared to work fine (see "two bugs found" update below), with the exception that it updated itself at the very end of the entire interview process, rather than at the beginning, as was the case in the past.  Perhaps under the hood that makes no difference, but being a former software validation analyst, I suggest that the software UPDATE ITSELF at the beginning.  Not right before I e-File.  Other than that, I noticed no issues, but I only used it for a VERY simple 1120s filing, nothing as complex as my last 1065.  At the very end, while going through the steps to e-File, the software warns me that I need to file a STATE INCOME TAX RETURN.  I checked to be sure via Google, and Yes, I do need to file a corporate return with my state...  so I proceeded to do that, at which point TT Business asked me FOR ANOTHER $49.95 to download the state return for my state (FLORIDA).  What an INCREDIBLE RIPOFF!  I thought this was a complete package, (after all it is misleadingly described as "Includes everything needed to complete your business income taxes", and EVERYTHING to me means EVERYTHING!), plus I thought $120 was an outrageous amount to pay for software, and now at the last minute, they fleece you!  I DESPISE THIS KIND OF TACTIC and INTUIT should be ashamed! Frustrated that the listing says this software package "Includes everything needed to complete your business income taxes" when in fact, you have to pay $50 extra to do the state filing, which is not mentioned anywhere online that I can find (it does mention the extra $49.95 charge in tiny 5 point font on the back of the package if you buy it on CD, but not sure if you buy it online that you are made aware of this at all).  The good news is that my state has the short form I need online.  It\'s only about 4 pages of fill-in-the-blanks and can be mailed in.  It can even be e-Filed if you like.  Certainly not worth another $50, which I note is more than what the DELUXE software costs that does your entire personal return.  So, beware of the Trojan Horse on state returns, and do your own research online.  For my state, (FLORIDA), the form is called the F-1120A and can be found online for free...Be sure to check with your state to see what they require before you shell out even more bucks for state tax software THAT IMHO SHOULD BE INCLUDED WITH THE PACKAGE IN THE FIRST PLACE!', "...and all I can base my review on is my own experience with the product. Yes, I know others had issues related to what schedules they needed, whether they used the 2013 version and the balky response from Intuit.  No review of this version of TurboTax should ignore the extended dust-up at the start of the the 2014 tax return season, when Intuit took a lot of negative press (totally deserved). This is version of TurboTax bore the brunt of that on these pages and in the consumer software media. This was primarily not because of its functionality, but because of the perhaps not-so-obvious-to-customers changes in what schedules were included in this version of TurboTax for 2014 (fewer than in 2013...to the surprise of many purchasers who found these schedules missing).  Three comments about this events: (1) My tax situation did not expose me to these issues. (2) Intuit implemented the change in version/pricing structure badly, and further bungled its response (in at least three different ways that I can count). (3) Yes: had I not received the same functionality that I'd enjoyed the year before, I would have be in the chorus of 1-star reviews for this product and would and bailed for alternative tax software. Since I wasn't, all I can report is how this version --which met my tax filing needs out of the box-- worked for me.  And, I'm happy to report, it worked great.  I've been using TurboTax for a generation, and this year's worked just fine. Installation and updates following the install (on both Windows 7 and Windows 8 machines) have been totally problem free for both federal and two state packages.  After installation, TurboTax recognized the most significant of my prior years' information already in the computer. Both federal and state returns were therefore pre-populated with much of the employer, financial institution and payment data that I would have otherwise had to enter by hand.  I have a relatively simple tax situation am lucky enough to have my deductions in equilibrium. It took about three hours start to finish for TurboTax to complete and efile my federal refund and prepare for tax-day mailing of my state payment.  No hiccups, good error trapping and headache free tax preparation. Modest efforts to upsell other services are present, but are easily declined.  I understand that many Intuit users were upset. They can vote with their feet, and I get it.  However, it performed well for me, continuing to take the sting out of the onerous administration of tax returns. While Intuit deserves what it got from both customers and the media, remember this: the true pain of tax time comes from the governments that collect them and frame your liabilities (for all of earning, savings and spending) and NOT from Intuit).  If you're a tax-time procrastinator: April is right around the corner. Now is the time to select with confidence.", "Having tried a number of different wireless network adapters that connect to the computer via the USB port I have found that this type of device is much better.  It is more reliable; and faster to give you a connection when logging into Windows. This adapter frees you from problems with sleep mode, screen savers, etc. that USB type adapters may have.  If you use Linux, Mac OS, etc. this device is a nice solution as well.  The installation program is slightly buggy, but I was able to get the device configured and it has worked flawlessly ever since.  If you have a device that has an RJ-45 Ethernet port and you want to connect it to an A, B or G wireless network this is the best way that I have found.  Internal cards that plug into the PCI or PCI express ports are also reliable and might be better for online gaming.  But I occasionally like to be able to move my adapter to other devices that have RJ-45 Ethernet ports like Game Consols, other computers, etc.  Many other companies make similar adapters that only use the B & G type networks.  This is the only device that I could find that can use type A networks that I use.  You can only connect to one router or access point at a time.  The only gripe that I have is lack of some encryption protocols.  I live in a rural area so encryption isn't too important to me.  The encryption types that this device support are dated and insufficient for important business use in a location that would be prone to wireless snooping.", "Its my 4th year using H&R Block tax software.  The download and installation from Amazon.com was quick and efficient.  It accessed my last year's return with no problems to complete basic information.  Step by step instructions were well explained and allowed an easy completion of my return.  This was much appreciated as this year's return had a rather uncommon issue (for me) that I never had experienced.  No problems.  Compared to Turbo Tax it is less costly.  I have used Turbo Tax in the past and have found both Turbo Tax and H&R Block to be very similar in terms of being able to handle my returns in a complete and efficient manner with no issues.  The lower price of H&R Block made the decision to go with them very easy.  One issue and complaint that I do have with H&R Block was the very high price it charged to add on a state return ($40) if you did not purchase a software package that initially included a state return.  A late W-2 from earnings (8 Years Ago!) attributed to a state I no longer live in surprised me after I had already purchased the software.  Rather than purchase an addition state for $40 I found it cheaper to buy another complete H&R Block software package from Amazon that included a state return for $20.  The pricing policies being practiced by both Turbo Tax and H&R Block seemed to determined more by greed than commonsense.  As usual, Amazon.com is the best place to purchase!!  This year I also tried the On-Line Tax Act to see how it compared.  It had some issues with utilizing information from my last year's H&R Block return.  Not a big problem, but, it did require a bit of proofreading and correcting basic information.  I found the information in Tax Act to be more complete, but, perhaps a bit more technical and complicated than is necessary.  It did not handle one issue with a rather uncommon stock option trade without some tinkering.  H&R Block was much easier to use.  Overall, I found H&R Block to be a better product for me.", "I updated from 2011 to 2014 because they stated that they wouldn't provide downloading service after March 2014.  I went through all the steps required to update and everything seemed fine except when I went to Reconcile.  I had a charge account with very few entries.  I have done this proceedure for 15 plus years and always was able to Reconcile without problems.  I reconciled with 2014 and was off by -$30.67.  I triple checked my results and could find no error.  I contacted Quicken, which is a daunting task in itself, and told them of the problem.  They wanted me to manually check my results.  I told them this was a simple reconcile.  I asked for the next tier of service and they begrudingly sent me a link.  The next Customer Rep I sent Windows Screen Shots of all my work and then they paid attention.  They had me check all sorts of menus and could find nothing.  The only thing they said was to sign up and do an electronic download of the account.  I don't like to do this because I don't want Quicken to know my acccounts or anyone to hack Quicken accounts and get my records.  In the end I made an adjustment to my accounts to bring the balance to the correct amount.  I will see what happens next month.  In the mean time I reconciled another of my accounts and I ended up on +$60 this time.  If Quicken wants to charge me for downloading my information then just charge me a fee and let me keep my old version !", "I recently was running 'AVG free edition' on my Dell dual core Vista PC with 3GB RAM. Just the other day, I was attacked by a 'Trojan' virus, which AVG could not apparently get rid of (I even tried a full system scan). I still kept getting pop-up messages regarding the virus and a new tab I never had before. I also had audio advertisements running without my choosing at times, even when I closed my browser! Talk about annoying. So I decided to can 'AVG' and go with Norton 360, which I downloaded. It seems to be working in some regards, but a full system scan took nearly 6 hours (5 hours, 50 minutes to be exact)! Is this normal?  UPDATE 6/26: Today, Norton 360 keeps asking me to re-start my computer, each and every time I turn it on!  2 starts every time I want to use my PC?  Are you kidding me?!  Ridiculous!  It also did not stop yet another Trojan virus, which it cannot 'quarantine' or get rid of.  Now I have 2 tabs i've never had before, and the ad music keeps playing again, even when i'm logged off of my 'Explorer' browser.  And 'Windows Security Center' does not work at all.  It has been disabled (I get a message stating that 'the security center can't be started').  I cannot turn it on or off, which includes updates and firewall settings too!  In addition, many applications run very slowly, or don't run at all when Norton is updating automatically!  You would think a 'full system scan' would have taken care of my issues.  There is a reason this crappy security suite is 63% off (at time of download)! What a waste of 32 dollars.  I am going to try Kaspersky, and hope it fares better than this.", 'First, let me begin by saying that I have been using tax software since 2000. First, I began with TurboTax and wasn\'t happy with the way it calculated figures to my disadvantage. From then on I went with H&R Block TaxCut, now called At home. I must add I have no idea why H&R Block decided to change the name. I still call it TaxCut. I can\'t remember the "At Home" name. To H&R Block, changing the name was entirely stupid and a waste of time and effort. Now to this program, I am dissappointed by the decreasing quality of it. First, DeductionPro, an useful program for valuating donations to charity was included on the disc. Then, I used it. Over the last few years, H&R Block decided no longer to include it. Now one has to go to the website to look up the info. Unfortunately, the info can\'t be stored on their server-what\'s up H&R Block??? Aren\'t you supposed to make things easier for the taxpayer with your software? Why are you changing things to make it arduous to do our taxes? As if this isn\'t enough; the Deduction Pro one is a minor issure, really, though an inconvient one. While running this program to do my 2011 taxes, I found there were several areas where H&R Block didn\'t provide enough information, or no information at all to help me choose the appropriate answers to complete my taxes. I actually had to contact both the IRS and my state revenue office to locate the necessary information. Also, the program is supposed to choose filing options and deductions that would be best for you. I found that was not the case. For my state filing, the program suggested filing jointly as the best option with the most deductions. However, out of curiousity, I chose both to see if there was a difference, and yes there was. In choosing "combined", I saved $30.00 more on my deductions. So much for H&R Block choosing the best option for me. That says a lot about this edition of H&R Block. It isn\'t what it used to be. Based on my experience with this year\'s program, I can\'t recommend it. It is still easier than doing it manually in longhand. However, now I can\'t help wondering just how accurate this program is now.', 'Having worked with Windows 8.1 for a while now, and having also worked with various other devices/operating systems, here are my opinions:  Windows 8.1 vs Windows 8.0: Why compare?  The upgrade is free and there is nothing but upside.  Windows 8.1 vs Windows 7: In my opinion, Windows 8.1 has all the functionality of Windows 7, and then some.  Some folks really seem upset at how the start menu was changed, but it took me about a day to adjust to that.  You can still find all of your apps using the same keystrokes (or mouse clicks) that you already used.  The "look" of the tiles popping up rather than a long list of apps has changed, but that\'s really it.  My advice - if you\'re already on Windows XP or later, ignore the naysayers and make the upgrade (assuming your PC is compatible).  Then give yourself a week of using it steadily before you pass judgment.  Windows 8.1 vs Mac OS: In my opinion, Windows 7 pretty much gave me all the benefits of the Mac OS (I know I\'ll get some negative comments for that, but I truly did use both and came back to Windows when they came out with Win 7).  So, based on my previous paragraph, I think Windows 8.1 compares well to the Mac OS.  Unless you\'re using Windows 8.1 in tablet mode, I don\'t think I\'d go so far as to say it is vastly superior to Mac - only comparable.  Windows 8.1 vs iPad: This assumes you\'re using a tablet with Win 8.1 (I\'m using a Surface Pro).  I tried using an iPad for a few years and other than playing games, surfing the web and checking email, it never seemed to be a great device for me.  I wanted something I could type notes into and even work on documents.  I tried adding a keyboard and apps that worked with Microsoft Office.  But just never seemed to quite work for me.  Essentially, I only did the kinds of things with my iPad that I would do with a phone.  With Windows 8.1 on a tablet device, I get nearly all the benefits of an iPad (though iPads do still have some advantages in tablet mode, such as form factor, weight and battery life - but none of those matter much if I can\'t be productive) AND I get all the advantages of a laptop PC.  And without lugging two devices all over the place.  Using Win 8.1, I dock my Surface Pro at the office and it is a full powered desktop computer with fullsize keyboard, mouse and monitor.  When working with clients, I have a small keyboard, or I have a stylus that allows me to take handwritten notes and draw pictures (this can be a big deal when you\'re consulting - a keyboard puts a "wall" between you and a client, and trying to use a stylus with an iPad to take notes was a non-starter for me).', "This key card will help you set up a Microsoft account from which you can download and install the software. But it cannot be used to extend or 'stack' more years to your account. It will reject the numbers from more of these keycards if you try them. You have to buy additional years from Microsoft, or any company authorized to sell them.  I have used Office 2010, and Office 2016 (which is what Office 365 installs) is similar enough to be easy to adjust to. And it seems smarter, and its obviously an improvement.  However, Outlook 2016 doesn't like my SBS2003 Exchange service. Its at end of life, but its all I have. I have to configure outlook 2016 manually for pop3 and smtp. If you select the automatic 'Exchange' option of connecting to the server, Outlook will stop working. When that happens, you have to close Outlook, open the 'Mail' control panel and create a pop3 account, make it the primary account, then delete the Exchange account. whew!  If you have a current version of Exchange, you won't need to worry. It works perfectly with those.  Office 2016 itself is very nicely done. It looks and works great in Windows 10.", "I've been a Quicken user for many years, but am really ticked off at their upgrade policies. The best you'll get away with is repurchasing Quicken every 3 years if you want to retain the online banking feature. I presently run the 2010 version which works well. I see no reason to upgrade and agree with some other reviewers that Quicken upgrades rarely improve anything or add useful features. However, I now get frequent reminders that if I don't upgrade by April I'll lose the online banking feature. That is blackmail! If I ever find a decent useful personal finance program that supports online banking, I'll switch in a second without looking back. Mint looks decent but it is now owned by Intuit and will soon become Quicken. I used Microsoft Money a long time ago and would still use it if it had not been discontinued.  It deserves only a 1-star rating, but I give it 2 stars because I've had a good experience with Quicken 2010 so far.  11/27/2013 update: I compromised my morals and upgraded to 2013 because nothing else looked very robust. Lowered to one star because the 2013 version is not any different than the 2010 version, yet I was forced to upgrade to retain online banking. Idiots. I'd really like to monitor anticipated income and expenses easily. I can probably do it with Quicken but it is soooo cumbersome and takes way too much time and thought to make it work. Microsoft Money did it well but that was many years ago. We've come a long ways backwards with Quicken. Quicken 2013 also doesn't like the Quicken Exchange Format that one of my banks uses so online banking is only partially successful.  2/8/2014 update: Yet another reason to hope that Quicken or someone else comes out with a better product. I anticipate a budget crunch in 2014 to pay for unforseen federal taxes so I started a budget under Planning. They've removed a feature that previously existed! I'd like to specify the starting month for my budget but I'm limited to complete Jan-Dec years. I don't consider defining a date range for a budget to be an advanced feature. Another thing I'd like to be able to do is enter paychecks in as bi-weekly, not monthly. That is not possible with Quicken 2013 Home and Business.  Intuit is slowly dumbing down Quicken to the point were anyone can use it at a very basic level at the cost of leaving experienced users in the dustbin. The problem with doing that is once people own it and try to use it for the purpose it was designed for, they become experienced users and start looking around for something better. There isn't anything better, yet.", "..but TurboTax can help ease the pain.  This is the 14th year I've used TurboTax for our state and federal returns, and this version is as good as any Intuit has offered (some years have offered better user experiences that others).  Of the many changes that personal computing and online services have brought to our household, one of the things I appreciate most is the taming of the onerous chore of tax preparation into something much simpler. Tax time before TurboTax used to be a three-day long parade of headache-inducing calculations and HOPING I had all the correct forms. TurboTax has turned three days of extended misery into a couple hours of compressed misery...but misery that is free of anxiety over math error and interpreting IRS instructions.  Intuit had rough period in the early 2000s with privacy and functionality in TurboTax (and a STINGY approach to how many users could prepare taxes from a single copy). Happily, those days are far in the past.  This version allows you to prepare up to five federal returns. Installation was issue free and updating (since January) has been were painless on a Windows 7 machine. Because I had data from last year's edition on my computer already, our personal data was already filled in, and it smartly queried about the same sources of income and interest and deductions/credits as last year. It also easily handled two major changes in our filing situation.  With all of my tax documents at hand, and a moderately complex 1040 filing scenario, I was finished in less than an hour. Sweet. Error checking was painless, and --72 hours before the deadline-- efiling the payments due were also problem-free. Note that federal filing is free, but state efiling cost $19.95.  Select with confidence!", 'This is the latest revision of Norton Security. I\'ve used several others including McAfee and Trend Micro but I think I\'m standardizing on this brand out of familiarity. The Deluxe version handles 5 devices. I\'d really suggest you use the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Norton-Security-Premium-10-Devices-Download-Code/dp/B015724RQI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Norton Security Premium - 10 Devices [Download Code</a>] because you can fill up 5 devices quickly (desktop, laptop, your spouse\'s--there\'s three or four, kids....) and it has a few more features for not a whole lot more. In retrospect, I should have bought that one but Norton can be confusing to buy. I should knock off a star for that confusion, but over all, I can recommend this software. As it is, I\'ve rated it four stars because really, the Premium is the one I should have bought for a few bucks more. If you cover your phones and your tablets, you\'ll need 10 device capacity, no doubt about it.  I also should knock a star off for installation: I broke a regular rule of mine--de-install before installing new, but I followed the on-screen directions and it didn\'t say to do that. However, as I was upgrading from the 2015 and a different version (I had premium before, see how confused I got?) I should have de-installed. To upgrade from 2015 to 2016 SAME product (ie deluxe to deluxe or premium to premium) you don\'t need to de-install. It\'s hard to remember what you did previously and the words "deluxe" and "premium" are easy to confuse.  So I had to chat with the tech support when my install ground to a halt. I couldn\'t proceed. Something seemed wrong--and it was. The chat person (possibly out of Palo Alto) was absolutely marvelous. We stepped through the re-installation after de-install by having her do remote-PC and at several points, watching the chat for when you have to re-enter your password (encrypted) because the tech can\'t do that, nor should they. It did take the 45 minutes she told me it would, and afterwards, my install was perfect--because it was handled by Norton. I give five stars to the tech support chat and no stars to the installation protocol, which should have checked for previous versions and suggested de-installation.  I did feel kind of stupid, but then last week, I did a flawless hardware malfunction diagnosis and repair on my same laptop so I guess "D\'oh!" and "Woo-hoo!" canceled each other out.  Bottom line: Unless you have to save that six bucks, buy the Premium. You will be happier. Check previous versions of anti-virus. If it isn\'t the same product, de-install the old product before installing this one. I actually believe that would apply to competing software as well.', 'I\'ve been using Windows 7 since its beta release, but my laptop\'s been running the final version for weeks now. I really disliked Vista and preferred XP still, but Windows 7 has tipped the scales...finally. Windows 7 has been reliable and it\'s snappier than Vista.  Windows 7 sips laptop battery power so my 1-year-old Dell XPS M1530 runs longer under Win7 than it did under Vista.  But what I really like about Windows 7 are the new or improved features it offers. Here\'s a list of my favorites:  #1 VIRTUAL LIBRARIES With virtual libraries, the special folders like Documents, Pictures, Music and Videos have all become libraries. Instead of being a physical storage location, they\'re indexes that point to one or many locations on the computer you\'re using, as well as other computers you\'re networked with. In a home setting, where you\'re running Windows Home Server, you can now easily direct file stores to your server. When coupled with Offline Files & Folders (a features that the non-Home editions of Windows offers since XP), you can easily take your server data with you, even when you\'re in a disconnected state. Also in the home, housemates can easily see each others\' data by including their respective folders in one another\'s libraries. When you search a library, you\'re searching your computer and any other computer that has folders you\'ve added to your library.  This is, for me, the single best feature of Windows 7, and is an excellent reason to upgrade.  #2 START SEARCH The Start Search has been improved in Windows 7 so results appear instantly as soon as you click the Start button, and then either type the name of a program on your computer, or a task you\'d like to perform (like, "change my display settings"). No more hunting folder hierarchies to find that elusive program, or spend time figuring out where Microsoft has placed something in the Control Panel. This is a tremendous time-saver.  #3 AERO SNAP The Aero user interface has three new tricks -- Shake, Peek, and Snap -- but only Aero Snap is a major leap forward. Have you ever tried comparing the contents of two windows together, side-by-side? It\'s painful to do because you have to fiddle with resizing the two windows. With Aero Snap, now all you do is grab the title bar of one window, sling it to the left, and Windows 7 will automatically resize the window to fill-up one-half of your screen display. Do the same with a 2nd window by slinging it to the right, and it\'ll fill-up the right-side of your display. You can start comparing two windows in...an Aero Snap. Aero Shake and Peek are cute, but not nearly so helpful.  #4 TASKBAR Gone is the Quick Launch bar that too many people didn\'t know existed. Now, the whole Taskbar is a quick launch bar -- drag and drop any program icon onto the bar, and you\'re one click away from starting the program. Also, it\'s so easy to move the taskbar around now. I keep it on the left vertical on my computer. Gone is the system tray, too -- Notification Area takes its place. The Action Center alerts you to anything you need to do to keep your computer working smoothly.  #5 PROGRAM COMPATIBILITY (including XP Mode) Any program can be run in one of many compatibility modes now. Windows 7 has a wizard that will help you pick the right, earlier version of Windows under which to run an older program. You can do the same thing more quickly by right-clicking on a program icon, click the Compatibility tab, enable Compatibility mode, and select the earlier version of Windows you want. For truly stubborn XP programs, the Professional edition offers XP Mode -- a fully licensed, virtualized copy of Windows XP. Note that your hardware must support virtualization for this to work.  #6 STICKY NOTES Less functional that the Vista Sticky Notes -- which nobody used -- but now I actually use Sticky Notes to put reminders on my Desktop. They\'re quick, easy, and work just like a regular Post-It note only you don\'t get fingerprints on your screen!  #7 JUMP LISTS There are two kinds -- Jump lists that let you quickly pick a task to perform, and Jump lists to quickly select a document to open and edit in the associated program. These are nice time-savers.  #8 SAVED SEARCHES In Windows Explorer, you can create filtered searches and then save them in your Favorites for later use. This is handy to find filtered data in the future. When you re-execute the search, it creates a dynamic results set (so your search is never stale).  #9 CONTENT VIEW & ARRANGING Also in Windows Explorer, two new features. Now you can arrange a folder into subdivisions by date (great for your pictures folders!). You can use the Content view to combine thumbnails of files along with details that usually are found only in the Details view.  #10 USER ACCOUNT CONTROL Most everyone hated UAC in Vista (even though it helped to keep your computer safe). In Windows 7, Microsoft tamped down the annoyance factor of UAC. You can change your date and time without setting off UAC, for example. You can also decide whether UAC should go into secured Desktop mode whenever it does get triggered (secured Desktop is when your screen darkens and you\'re forced to respond to UAC\'s dialog box asking permission to run a program or make a change to your system). You can easily turn-off UAC, too.  #11 PAINT, WORDPAD, CALCULATOR All three of these utilities got updated. Wordpad and Paint have the Office-like "ribbon" now, and Calculator has a few new memory keys, touch sensitivity, and a Programmer view for those dealing with hexidecimals and binaries.  #12 HOMEGROUP SHARING This is the easiest way to share data with others in your (home) network. HomeGroup creates a password that is shared among computers, and that takes care of all the issues with user accounts, file permissions and "access denied" problems. While not appropriate for corporate use, this is great for the home.  I made this feature last because I\'m not using it -- I just think it\'s a great idea for inexperienced users.  Note:  all the networked computers need to be running Windows 7 to make HomeGroup sharing work.  Upgrading advice:  I went through the upgrade process twice.  Here\'s what I learned to do before and after the upgrade:  1)  Remove Adobe Reader and reinstall the latest version (9.2 as I write this) after the upgrade.  Older versions of Reader won\'t render correctly in Windows 7 and an IE8 browsing session.  2) Remove your antivirus, anti-malware and anti-spyware programs, and reinstall them after the upgrade using the latest versions available.  3)  Remove any virtualization programs (like VMWare Workstation) and reinstall following the upgrade.  4)  After the upgrade, look for the latest video driver from the video card maker, not by your computer hardware vendor (in my case, it was getting a new driver from Nvidia rather than from Dell).  Looking to do a clean install using this upgrade disk?  You can, but here\'s how.  Insert the DVD and choose "Custom" to do the clean install.  During the install, DO NOT enter your product id or activate Windows -- yet.  Instead, you\'ll finish the clean install, reboot, then use your DVD to do an upgrade of the clean install of Windows 7.  Yes, you\'re upgrading from Windows 7 to Windows 7.  After you upgrade, then enter your product id and activate Windows.  I haven\'t tried this out personally, but others have and have done so successfully.  Add a comment to my review to share your experience if you go this route.  Final note:  This tip isn\'t intended to circumvent the stipulations in the licensing agreement for upgrading your computer.  If you\'re not entitled to upgrade (because, say, you\'re using Windows 95, 98, 2000, or ME), then you must buy the full version.  As I tell my kids, "Just because you can do a thing doesn\'t mean you should do a thing."  :-)  And finally, my few quibbles with Windows 7:  My Dell XPS M1530 has always had sporadic issues resuming from a sleep or hibernate state under Vista.  That still is the case, even with Windows 7.  I\'m not convinced, though, that the underlying problem is an operating system issue as much as a hardware/BIOS problem, so I can\'t knock Windows 7 for this problem.  Not all my laptops have had similar power-on problems, even under Vista, so my advice to you is to NOT expect Windows 7 to solve any power-on problems from a sleep or hibernate state if you\'ve currently got those problems with your laptop.  Lastly, if you like to periodically examine the Reliability Monitor in Vista, it\'s not as nice in Windows 7 -- there is no precise data value assigned to your machine\'s ever-changing reliability metric.  And it\'s impossible to find in the Control Panel (but it\'s easy to do a Start Search on).  The graph is still there, though, and it\'s updated hourly instead of daily.  For most people, I\'m guessing this is a complete non-issue.  In short, think of Windows 7 as Windows Vista done right.', 'TurboTax Premier for tax year 2005 is a notable improvement over recent years. Gone are most of the self-aggrandizing promotions and registration issues of recent years; in the place of all the self-promotion, I found the 2005 package to be extremely stable, useful, and generally quite logical.  Installing the program was uneventful and straightforward, as was downloading the state product (in my case Minnesota.) Updating the program was likewise a non-issue. I found the interview this year to be more logical and user-friendly than in years past. I have a fairly intricate return, and I had very few issues navigating the interview. The one place that I did have some confusion (cleared up by "Your Income Tax 2006" by J.K. Lasser) was in entering qualified tuition expenses, as the program gives you two separate possibilities to enter them. That is a fairly trivial issue and affects few people, but does point out that there is still room for improvement in the program (especially in the "help" features.) I also have a perpetual question (that is really insignificant, but makes me wonder "What were they thinking?"): why does TurboTax make you enter your phone number, but fails to print it in the correct space on your 1040 (making you print it by hand), yet on the state return it does print it out? These are obviously very minor observations, and in no way detract from my recommendation.  I have tried TaxCut in years past (though I did not do a direct comparison with TaxCut for the 2005 tax year), and while it is cheaper, I still believe that TurboTax is the better value. It is complete (especially the Premier program), fairly intuitive, and produces accurate returns as well as very useful worksheets for your records. TurboTax is fairly expensive, but I believe it\'s worth it.  TurboTax for the 2005 tax year is a marked improvement over years past, and I recommend it for preparation of all but the most mind-bogglingly complex returns. For those, I recommend a CPA.']
["Ok ok, sure there may not be as many cars as before but of course theirs a reason.  Time.  Each car is built of around 4,000 polys and takes 2 weeks to complete.  In Gran Turismo 2 it took very little time to complete each car.  GT3 had already been delayed around 4 times so would you want to wait any longer?  I think that 160 cars is a damn fine amount. Ok first Graphics.  What can I say? They are wonderful.  This game has the most realistic lighting and reflecting I have ever seen in a PS2 game, or PC game.  The cars near photo realism.  Trees and other objects reflect off of your car in real time!  No more pre-done reflections.  The sun can affect your driving too, just like in real life.  Its blinding.  In rally modes, dust from the other car billows off the road, coming from all four tires.  The dust doesnt dissapear right away, or stay coming up only a certain distance away from the car, it stays floating there for a while, like in real life.  If you drive through the dust, don't expect to see much. Now the game play.  Very good aswell! Set aside some time for this game because it will take some time to beat.  Many many many races to complete, and secret cars to earn.  Custom up your cars to make them faster and perform better.  Wash your car to improve aerodynamics, change the oil to make it run better. Buy new suspension, turbos, intercoolers, brakes, gearboxes, wheels, weight reduction and more!  But cars from, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, VW, Audi, RUF, Ford, BMW, Jaguar, Pagani and much more.  Secret cars include a Diablo GT, F094/H F1 car, F688/S F1 car and a F094/S F1 car. Some cool extras in the game include I.Link racing, 3 screen view 1 player racing and the ability to use a steering wheel.  The soundtrack is fairly good as well with music from Goldfinger and Snoop Dogg. This is the current must have for PS2.", 'The upgrade went smoothly. The program runs well (so far), the speed is good (3.4GHz I7), but there are no real improvements in features or ease of use. The appearance is slightly different. If you are a detail tracker with graphs, there are a few extra ones that to me are useless, but you may disagree. I tend to use the summary column on the right and nothing much else. My investments transferred properly. Managing my accounts is about the same as before even though it looks slightly different. A minor irritant is the change to the little gear symbol for account actions instead of a clearly labelled button. I blame Microsoft for this abomination and Intuit for going with the crowd.  The only "improvement" is to link with your phone or tablet, if you are fool enough to do so. Of course, no one will ever steal YOUR data.  I am relieved to see that some of the same stupid stuff that was in the 2010 program is still in 2013. Got to love Intuit. But, I am used to it. Quicken 2013 is like an aging spouse in new clothes. Looks nice for tonight, but the same quirks, charming and not, are still there.  Bottom line. Buy Quicken 2013 if you use bill paying or stock market services and you have to upgrade from 2010 because fo the 3-year limit. Unfortunatley, there is not a better personal finance manager available (free or paid). Quicken shows you what the lack of competition produces, namely, high prices, little innovation, and poor customer service. So, go online and find the best price. I paid $70 for the Premier version from Amazon. Perhaps you can do better.', 'I absolutely prefer Turbo Tax over H&R Block software. The software is much clearer to use and the prompts are very helpful. I was upset that Intuit decided to exclude schedules C and D this year and so had purchased H&R Block\'s software. H&R Block had more difficulty with my minister\'s housing allowance so I relented and purchased Turbo Tax 2014. It handled my housing allowance just fine as it has all the past years I\'ve used it. I don\'t use schedules C or D so that feature removal didn\'t impact me. I definitely prefer and recommend Turbo Tax over H&R Block. I haven\'t used Taxcut so I can\'t speak to it.  An Addendum: I\'ve been a minister for some 30 years and have always done my taxes and have never been audited, knock on wood. Because of this I have tried to stay on top of tax filing requirements for ministers. As any minister knows filing taxes as a minister is pretty complex and requires a multitude of forms and actions that many ministers cannot follow, that a non-minister cannot understand, and that many tax professionals have difficulty with, if one is to satisfy IRS requirements which is a moving target. I offered a synopsis of my experience with H&R Block\'s software versus Turbo Tax. I did not list every detail for brevity and because I\'m not going to put all "my business on the street". My opinion, subjective by definition, is that Turbo Tax does a better job of handling all the ins and outs of a minister\'s return and does it more smoothly with better explanations.  Take it for what it\'s worth. It\'s but one man\'s opinion.', 'Yea, Dragon Naturally Speaking 11.0 definitely works well.  -> I have a Gateway computer, processor = AMD Athlon 64,  got 2GB RAM -- purchased back in 2006 (5 yrs old as of this writing!).  The OS is WinXP (long live XP!).  Using MS Office 2000.  -- > So, u can see there is nothing fabulous, or "latest" about my system at all.   ----> I was very concerned about this, because some users have said Dragon will only work on very newest, latest, sweetest, bestest, sexiest, etc.  -> I am USA-born, American English-is-native-language, having a slight Chicago accent, but somewhat close to the so-called "accentless" speech of California.  ___________________________ -> I did have an install glitch.  "Error  1406.  Could not write value Dragon Naturally Speaking to key \\SOFTWARE\\voice\\speechrecognition\\engine. Verify that you have sufficient access to that key, or contact your support personnel."  I have seen This kind of error before -- when installing Turbotax in 2009 -- so I applied the same fix that Intuit customer support gave me:  "To resolve this, go to Start-->Run and enter "regedit".  A "Registry Editor" window will come up.  On the left side of the window go to the above registry.  Right button click on it and set the permissions such that you have full control. After this, try the install.  -- Rey"  So I went to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\voice\\speechrecognition\\engine ...and applied what I learned from Intuit\'s customer support. :-)  I guess it worked.  The 2nd install went without a hitch.  (Thanks *again* to "Rey" from Turbo Tax customer support!)  ______________________ --> "Out of the box performance".  OK, there is no such thing as "Out of the box performance," so I don\'t know how this statement could be used in their sales pitch???  I.E.: As part of the installation process, you have to walk thru some significant steps. (btw - Don\'t try installing this program unless you have at least 30 mins on hand).  You set up a user profile, configure stuff, and at last you must read some stuff to Dragon so he can determine mic volume, the quality of mic connection -- and *especially* and finally --learn your voice/speech.  You have some options on what to read, so I selected Kennedy\'s inaugural speech to read into Dragon\'s learning engine.  It took some minutes to complete and...   --> I was cautious to Re-Do stuff where I had stuttered, or read aloud wrong.  Dragon software has a user-friendly re-do button -- just re-do the last sentence or even phrase.  Foot stomp emphasis here!  Don\'t be lazy: re-do your tongue-twisted speech errors!  This is Dragon\'s learning phase, and these few minutes are probly the most critical!!!  (Could utilizing the re-do button be an important key to my success????  maybe.... read on...) ______________________  --> I did *not* allow Dragon to parse my personal documents to learn my writing style and vocab.  That\'s because I wanted Dragon to use what its designers already taught him about English -- and not be corrupted/influenced by any of my slang, misspellings, poor grammar of my personal docs, or whatever crap and corruption is on my hard drive. (It\'s impossible to account for all of this content, where I got it, or Heaven knows what I meant and in what context....???)  I figure Dragon could live without that, and he has. ----> IMO,  certain users that have had trouble with this software allowed Dragon to do this step.  Therefore, my recommendation is to just say to Dragon "No.  Of course, Do not read my personal documents, you twit." -------> Also, for my purposes, I only intend to dictate to Dragon stuff that is at college-American-English level. If I ever want slang, I\'ll manually apply to the doc, I figure.  I don\'t want Dragon to learn substandard English crap.  Really. -----------> I do have a battery of 6 - 10 syllable techy words I want Dragon to learn, but that will be a controlled session, someday.  Not some random grab from my drive.  ______________________ As usual, Amazon delivered promptly in their usual standard of excellence.  On that note - let me congratulate and thank Amazon for raising the industry-wide bar on this.  Lot\'s of you young folks maybe don\'t know -- but before Amazon came along, we all accepted "allow 6 to 8 weeks for delivery" as a norm, a way of life.  I\'m not saying Amazon invented fast delivery -- but they were a huge influence in making delivery in 3 - 5 biz days the standard.  (An important piece of history for those who were raised in the era of qwk delivery, imo)', 'Microsoft provides users with the fastest, sleekest consumer map software with Streets and Trips. As such, I have been a fan of Streets and Trips since the 2002 version. Unfortunately, Streets and Trips is merely a slight improvement over its predecessor, Streets and Trips 2006, and still has most of the key problems.  There is no question there are several benefits to Streets and Trips over online "free" applications with their invasive advertising, sluggishness and reliance on an Internet connection. Resident map data addresses all of these annoyances and gives the user more control. Putting that particular debate aside, Streets and Trips 2007 does suffer from a lack of connectivity in its inability to update core grid data and point-of-interest data over the Internet.  As I mentioned in my review of S&T 2006, Google Earth is setting the stage in the consumer map world. While Satellite photos do little for trip planning, Google does a nice job of locally caching large amounts of data from a remote server. The Streets and Trips development team must do the inverse of this. Most of the data should be resident on the local computer with dynamic integration from a variety of remote sources.  Dynamic updates can serve many purposes. The most straightforward is correcting inaccurate road information and updating core data as new roads are constructed. Secondly, there is a great deal of POI (point of interest) data that could be updated continuously. Lastly, if Microsoft promoted a comprehensive ecosystem, various government and private entities could provide plug-ins for Streets and Trips. At the current time, this ecosystem does not exist.  The lack of real-time connectivity leads to other shortcomings. In essence, Streets and Trips creates static maps. This precludes the implementation of real-time traffic or weather. Sadly, Microsoft has lost out on so many other value-added features that are provided by Google Earth, Yahoo Maps, and the Weather Channel online.  Oddly, key problems in its management of basic street data persist. For example, it can\'t properly interpret hyphenated street addresses in the boroughs of New York. Of course, it is impossible for a single user to error check the entire database, so I am curious what other errors exist.  Like most map programs, Streets and Trips is automobile-centric. This means that it interprets one-way streets literally. While great for drivers, it doesn\'t help for walking. Moreover, there is no interpretation of public transit systems where users would walk to a subway or train stop, board, and walk to a destination.  Shortcomings aside, Streets and Trips 2007 is still a very useful consumer mapping tool. After you become accustom to the application, you will find yourself using it for the most mundane trips. It is very fast and easy to use - perfect last-minute errand planning. In the larger context, however, Microsoft does need to update its Streets and Trips business model to provide users with the same features they have grown accustom to with web-based applications. Only then with Microsoft have a killer app.  Pros  Fast  Ease of use  Exceptional clarity in maps and interface  No advertisements  First connectivity steps with Windows Live  Cons  Can\'t properly interpret hyphenated addresses  No export of point-of-interest data  No integration with 3rd party data  No real-time traffic  Won\'t print to larger formats (can\'t print to legal or tabloid)  Not enough control during printing (fonts and streets)  Not fully integrated with Office applications', 'I have been using Q since 1992 or before. Over the years the program has become very complicated and powerful. When it was simple - they complained that it was too simple. When it got complicated  - they complained the same. Now they like the simplicity of Mint - I assume the same will happen to Mint. Generally it is wise to grade every other year or when there is a OS upgrade. I read review from some who waited many years and had file conversion problems. I like the program and it serves me well! One can still use the simpler as aspects. This release seems solid and I upgraded because of Win 7. I can tell you that the Win 7-64 does have issues with the online backup.  Over the rear Q will release 5-7 upgrades to the program. They do try to fix things! The customer service is just typical of that most offer - that someone telling you to reinstall because they do not know anything else!  I Use Win7 64 ult. The online backup crashed. Contacted CS they asked me for the info. I was reluctant to spend any time typing the crash info. The CS rep personally asked 3 times and I did send it - one week later it was fixed and the official fix in the Q site. This is rare care - perfect C support. I am surprised! This person must been higher up the chain as he seemed to have access to the code. The rep had left his name. I could tell it was different from his second attempt. Thanks so much!', 'I am completely amazed at all of the negative reviews regarding this product.  I\'m a recent Mac convert and was devastated if not completely amazed that no company has really created a blow your socks off financial suite for the OS.  I have tried every personal finance software for the Mac that I could find, either via google or the app store.  This included, SEE Finance, MoneyWell, Money Dance, iBank, YNAB to name just a few.  Nothing, and I mean nothing connected to my banks (which have direct download) as smooth as the Quicken for Windows did.  The last straw was one of the programs actually reported your available balance on a credit card in it\'s summary as your balance owing.  The solution was to make a manual entry initially to "force" it to report correctly.  Not gonna happen.  So, out of sheer desperation and being willing to toss away $19 on this download I went for it.  I have to say, what is wrong with you people?  This worked FLAWLESSLY the first time for me.  Every bank was found and every account was downloaded perfectly that I wanted it to.  As a matter of fact, it also grabbed one of my banks that has a loan and it grabbed my insurance bill!  Even the Windows version wouldn\'t do that.  But as I type this in, I\'m staring at my updated and downloaded loan balance.  FANTASTIC!  Another brilliant idea is the section where you can review all transactions downloaded on one screen and not have to move from account to account.  Budgeting seems simple enough and will work for me.  Nothing else I tried even came close to the effectiveness of this "essentials" stripped down version.  For $19 this is an absolute steal.  When iBank and others want $59 or even more, forget about it.  I have been with Quicken since the DOS days and then moved on to Money (which I thought was a better product) then back to Quicken on m PC.  I have to say, I\'m very, very pleased with this purchase and the fact that I don\'t have to spend the money on an upgrade for my Windows version that would have easily cost more than $19.', '>>>  Note: See update below on the M* XRay feature.  It\'s neither as bad as the detractors say, nor as good as the fans rave.  As long-time Quicken users know, each year Intuit adds the bare minimum to justify calling the software new, there aren\'t major improvements.  (I think they have a 2 week period where they pull a few developers from other projects and say "Ok, let\'s do the new Quicken release!")  But it works, as far as that goes.  The limitations mostly remain, I\'m not going to list my own grumbles here, there\'s no point in that, the company has no incentive to attend to those.  I upgrade every 2-3 years, because I have to -- I want the downloads to work, and I want the bug fixes.  So I held my nose and bought this year\'s version (nice to get the Prime discount from Amazon).  It installed fine, although it seemed to take a long time in the middle while creating the qw.exe file.  Conversions of the old files (I have several, some quite huge) were free of error and trouble, and I was able to delight in the new software that was just like the old.  Note:  I chose to keep my old vault password, rather than doing their cloud thing.  Also, I didn\'t like the mobile software when I tried it some months ago, so avoided that completely this time.  Probably helped me avoid some problems that others have reported.  The Morningstar X-Ray feature?  Not nearly as complete as the feature you get from M* Premium, but that costs a lot more than Quicken does, so one really can\'t complain -- it\'s a pretty nice feature you get for "free".  I wish that there were better integration with M*, so Premium members could upload from Quicken and then go to the M* website to do the more detailed analysis & reporting.  The credit score feature?  This seems to be the year\'s new gimmick.  I get the FICO score from one of my credit cards (free), and the TransUnion score (also free) from another one.  Quicken gives you the Equifax score.  (Someone is offering the Experian score, but I can\'t remember who that is.)  I decided I didn\'t trust Intuit enough to share my credit history with them, so I passed.  It\'s not going to improve my life to know what Equifax says.  Other improvements?  Reporting\'s the same -- terrible.  Investment transaction handling? Still pretty basic.  You get the picture.  Same old, same old.  ============ Update:  Oct 31, 2014  The "Portfolio X-Ray" feature appears to be unreliable ...  Today I decided to take another look at what the XRay report was telling me, figuring it would be easier/faster than putting all the data into my Morningstar Premium portfolio manager.  At first I was a little puzzled because the report just seemed to be reporting incorrect information.  So I made sure I selected the right accounts and securities, and refreshed the report.  (It takes a while, sometimes just hangs.)  Still incorrect.  And not minor differences: the bond holding percentage was incorrect, as was the average mutual fund expense ratio.  After some further investigation, I figured out that Quicken isn\'t correctly submitting the full list of holdings, it\'s apparently leaving some out -- I noticed that some closed-end funds are missing, for instance.  I can\'t tell what else is missing, since there isn\'t a detailed securities list. (Now don\'t tell me  CEFs are unsupported, they\'re not that exotic.)  So there you go.  Both the great new features aren\'t quite what they\'re cracked up to be.', 'I am in no way a yoga expert. I am a beginner who first started on borrowed mats. When I decided to purchase my own, my first stop was a Target I was in, their mats seemed fine, but I wanted to do some research first.  One thing I knew going in was that I wanted the most padding possible because I\'m sensitive to hard surfaces when doing many yoga positions and exercises (especially anything involving balancing on my tush and/or tailbone). Many reviews here say this mat is thicker than many others. That, as well as the average five star review and the non-slip extra were reasons for my purchase.  Upon first opening it, the mat seemed shockingly thin; it was certainly thinner than my expectations based on the previous mats I\'ve used which seemed to be lesser quality. But I stepped on, tried a few of my problematic poses and I was pleasantly surprised. Perhaps this mat is just as thick as my borrowed mats but something about the material makes it not flatten under my weight as much as previous mats. I\'m just hoping that this doesn\'t mean my borrowed mats used to perform the same way but flattened overtime, and so I hope it doesn\'t happen with this mat as well. Time will tell.  There\'s a definite and strong "direct off the factory machine" smell as soon as you break open the cellophane. I\'m not worried; I\'m certain that smell will go away. I actually like it; it\'s the scent of guarantee that it\'s brand-new. :)  The texture feels similar to the previous mats I tried, with just a bit more rigidness to it. This is not bad; it\'s not uncomfortable and it is not rough. It helps me feel like it has extra grip so I won\'t slip on it, and it won\'t slip along the floor.  I purchased the Earth color, and it looks just as it does in the photograph. Obviously I can\'t say this about the other colors as I have no in person view of them.  I found it interesting how it was rolled up thinking that because the bottom side would lay against the top side when olled up, it had to be rolled the opposite way. Of course, no matter which direction you roll it, the top will make contact with the underside. Oops. I now believe the purpose of the pre-rolled direction is so the mat curves towards the floor when laid out so as not up to curl up towards the ceiling.  For some reason I thought this came with a carrying case, it does not. Do they sell yoga mats cases by themselves? (Not including a caring case is not enough to take away a star in the review.)  So, aside from the not included holder I\'m pretty happy with this product so far. Of course I\'ve just received it and haven\'t spent extensive time on it, I try to update my reviews in cases like this with how the product has been holding up over time.', 'The Black Chili compound gives good feel, but these do not have the phenomenal grip like most people say. There\'s less feedback than "cheap" tires I\'m used to with the useless treads too (they\'re just for looks really, but they do let me know when I\'m leaning too far etc). I slipped out on some wet asphalt with grit under it. To be fair I don\'t think any "race" tire could have handled that and I was going into a mild turn with just the rear brake engaged. I wasn\'t trying to stop, just wanted to slow down and there was nothing there lol. Just don\'t put too much faith in the grip compound. I\'m not sure I\'ll ever find a bicycle tire that can handle my city\'s streets. Every time winter rolls around we have these insanely oily streets with the occasional black ice patches. Oily and icy is generally a bad combo for cycling.  As far as dry weather goes, this is the best tire I\'ve ever ridden. I have no desire to buy anything more expensive for my singlespeed commuter bike for now. They roll fast, absorb ALOT of road jargon and seem decent regarding puncture protection. They\'re light for a commuter class tire as well. If you\'re a fast commuter such as myself these will help you maintain higher speeds over rough city roads and long distances. If you live in a city that accumulates oil in the streets valley style, you may want something with a different grip tactic than a premium compound and contact patch theory. I also like the Continental Tour Rides, even though they\'re much slower and are almost knobby. Those are my usual winter tire.  Update:  Switched back to the tour rides for winter and those will be my main tire. I don\'t know what the deal is, but at really low PSI\'s (60front 80rear) the tour rides roll like these @ high psi\'s. It may be my rim profile or something. They feel just as good for fast commuting. Especially in subzero wind chill rides. I didn\'t doubt the grip once over little icy patches. I will probably never pay for these 4000s ii\'s tires again. I got a pretty deal though and don\'t regret the purchase. I just need more grip in my city. At lower psi\'s (80ish) these tires start to drag despite the rolling resistance test I reviewed before buying them.', 'This is basically the same review I wrote for the non-black standard Flash version.  However, the difference is in the look of the knife overall and not in the function.  I like the looks of this all black version very much. Side-by-side I would choose the Black version over the standard Flash, however, they are both good knives and it is a matter of preference if you can only choose one.  The black handle and black blade of this version makes it quite appealing.  Even the clip is black with this version, which is a nice touch.  I would recommend lubrication and any personal preference adjustments to the "action" of the knife immediately so you can begin to use the knife right away with optimal results.  I already own one of these as an EDC knife and that is why I have purchased more.  This knife is quite sharp out of the box and it opens quickly.  I like the "safety" feature that locks the blade so that it doesn\'t open accidentally.  The best feature for me is the low profile clip that allows the knife to be carried but not seen.  It is elevated a bit off the end of the knife so that no part of the knife shows outside your pocket.  All that is visible is the clip.  Most knifes have a small portion of the knife end that sticks out of the pocket.  With this style of knife, you can\'t see any of the knife outside the pocket.  This makes this a discreet EDC knife that is also functional and of an excellent quality.  The handle is quite sturdy and has textured feel that increases the grip.  The partially serrated blade is quite helpful in getting through boxes, rope, plastic, etc.  Overall this is a lightweight and handy knife that is worth the price and superb for EDC.  If it is stiff or doesn\'t open the way you like, just adjust the end screw and lubricate it with a drop of oil.  I have also used WD-40 on this style of knife and it does wonders cleaning it and making it look brand new again.', 'I wanted a (relatively) inexpensive 1x4 scope to put on my Mini 14. This gun is my "throw around" gun that takes more of a beating compared to my more expensive rifles. It also stays under my bed instead of getting locked up in my safe. I purchased this model solely based on the price and the fact that I already had a pair of 1 in Ruger Scope rings (5 - High). I couldn\'t be happier with the VALUE of this scope. It is very clear, sturdy, and holds up well compared to more expensive scopes with illuminated reticles. The lowest setting is slightly more than 1x "true" magnification but my target recognition with this thing is still FAST! The 4x setting is just enough for me to reach out to the max distances that I would ever want to shoot a .223 out to. If you need the benefits of a 1-4 but don\'t want the extra cost of illumination this is a great option.  Items of Note: 1) I thought the "Pig Plex" written on the reticle would be very annoying but it is not. I\'m too focused on the clarity of the glass! 2) I thought I wouldn\'t get annoyed with the words "Hog" written on the caps but its turns out I do. I will probably get those replaced some day. 3) The outer crosshairs of the reticle are thick. I was worried about this but found it slightly helpful when trying to quickly get on target. They also didn\'t hinder my shooting at longer distances.', 'My wife ordered this to help get the kids (and mom and dad) off the couch during the winter months.  We\'ve done the video together as a family and there are definitely some positives.  I would guess the video will appeal most to kids from toddler ages through 7 or 8.  Older than that and they may or may not find it a little too "babyish" as my 9 year old son would say (though he did the video with mom, dad, and 5 year old sister and seemed to enjoy it despite the obligatory complaints about it being babyish, so even older kids might like it).  The routines definitely gets you moving and is challenging enough to get your pulse going but not so hard that most kids or adults will be unable to handle it.  This isn\'t hardcore, it\'s not P90X, but the challenge level seems just right for a broad audience of kids & parents - kudos to the makers for getting that part right!  The music is pleasant, not great but very much suitable to the content and nicely varied (we particularly like the Celtic dance number).  The instructor makes the most of things, keeping a nice chipper & fun demeanor without condescending to the point of alienating dads like me.  All in all what you get for the workout routine is very well done.  I am knocking one star off, however, because of the limited amount of actual  workout content.  This DVD screams for another 1 or 2 workout circuits in order to provide some variety.  It wasn\'t clear on the product description page, but the video runs about 42 minutes - BUT the workout portion is only 25 minutes, with the remaining 17 minutes being promos, nutrition tips, etc.  So what you get is ONE really nice 25 minute workout circuit.  I would easily give this 5 stars if it had another one or two 25 minutes circuits to provide some variety.  Otherwise a great resource for families looking to promote fitness and spend some fun time exercising together.', "Good hood, too small. I double checked the sizing chart and measured. I should have been well within the XL size as specified. This was way too small. I will exchange it for the XXL. The hood is heavy and appears to be be made well. I could not actually use it though. The size on this one was too small in the crown area around the head and in the neck area. With water inside a hood, it makes it a little bigger and a little more comfortable but the neck area is a problem. Restrictions in the neck area can cause Carotid Sinus Reflex. This condition can cause a slowing heart rate.  This is not unique to this hood. Any restriction in the neck area of the carotid arteries can cause this to happen. It just means you need to ensure you have a good fit in the neck area of a hood, wetsuit, drysuit, etc.  Always look at the return policy for products that have sizes. You may need to return it. Some vendors have a free exchange policy.  I will update this review when I actually get to try it. -This is a 7mm hood so it is for colder water conditions. You won't need this much for summer lake conditions, shallow dives, etc. I will be using it in water in the 40s to 50s.", "I purchased this for use as my main BOB (Bug out bag), I currently have a couple other backpacks of similar price and this one just blows the others out of the water. The material quality feels sturdy and the stitching seems extremely well done, I did a pretty thorough search on the pack and did not see any loose or fraying ends. The MOLLE works exactly as you would expect and I can't think of anything else to add on it except that there is a great amount(Both front pockets, both sides, shoulder strap and bottom. The shoulder straps them self are extremely comfortable with thick padding. The hip belt is thinner though without padding (About the same thickness as the MOLLE webbing although a wider overall strap).  The hydration pouch padding is comfortable and thick enough to protect the bladder(which as mentioned in a previous review is large enough for a 3L bladder), this pocket which is about 15 inches by 11 inches was also large enough to hold my laptop (15 inch screen) and the charger fit well in the top pocket.  Both pockets in front are about 2 inches deep, the top one (About 8 inches by 5) doesn't have any divider pockets while the bottom pocket (roughly 8 inches by 9 1/2)has a smaller admin pocket in it big enough to hold a cd case or note pad (I currently have a shirt pocket size Rite in the Rain Notebook in there w/ room to spare). In front of that admin slot there are multiple smaller pockets the left most one perfect for a nice size multitool and the others for a sharpie, pens or pencils)  The second compartment in front of the Main compartment is a bit deeper than the front pockets and about 16 inches by 9 inches and the zipper for this pocket run about half way down the bag. This pocket also has a small admin pocket similar to the one I described in the last pocket however on the outside of it rather than having the pen/multitool size pockets it has 2 mesh pockets (each one is exactly have the width of the pocket they are on top of and run the entire length of that pocket).  The main pocket is roughly 4 and a half inches deep and 19 inches by 12. This compartment can unzip all the way to the bottom of the pack so you can really organize well in here. One side has a zipper pocket that goes almost all the way across and the other has a Mesh pocket that goes all the way across.  The bottom also has some nice compression straps to hold sleep system or tent. There are also 4 other compression straps on the pack bringing the total to 6 so you can really get your gear strapped tight for minimal movement.  The estimated delivery time was nearly a month and a half from the date I ordered it since it is shipping from out of the country however I received it in 8 days and it was I received an email that it had shipped the same day I ordered it. There are a few things that I would of changed although they are more me nitpicking than complaints, the first being the zippers, they are paracord instead of an actual zipper which I would prefer however they seem extremely sturdy still and actually are a little easier to operate then a smaller metal zipper. Another thing is that the bottom of the pack is the same material as the rest rather than a more water resistant material (the inside is PVC coated so shouldn't be an issue). and lastly I would of liked some sort of padding on the hip belt but again the current one is serviceable and the pack is comfortable and light. Overall this is a beautifully put together pack that rivals or beats many packs of a much higher price. I am sorry for the extremely long write up but I wanted to include the information that I wanted to know before I purchased. If you are on the fence, I say go for it. I love it and plan on buying another for my fiance."]
["If you're looking for the absolute best 3/8 inch corded right angle drill ever, look no further. The drill has gobs of power, that are perfectly controlled with the smoothest power transfer of any drill I've ever owned. Not to mention it is two inches shorter than my Bosch 12 volt battery powered right angle drill with a hand Chuck. Granted these are completely different tools for different purposes, but this right angle drill should almost be on display in your Workshop. The Chuck has amazing grip on drill bits, which I use this drill with reverse cut drill bits for extracting bolts and rethreading holes. The motor power is phenomenal. It is very well controlled does not jerk in your hand and has a throttle limiter on the trigger so you don't use too much throttle while you are trying to maintain a good grip on the drill.  As you can see from the pictures, the space in which I drill is very limited. I wish this was the first right angle drill I purchased. It is far superior than the corded DeWalt that is also on the market. I do not have pictures of the DeWalt, sorry. For my purposes, having the power and smooth motor operation of the corded drill is excellent. The battery power, even the Milwalkee 12-volt is not well suited for this type of drill and tapping work. This drill has a mostly covered Chuck, which allows you to use your opposite hand to apply pressure from the back of the drill without chewing up your hand, or getting your glove stuck in the rotating Chuck. Also, not having a hand Chuck  reduces the overall length of the drill to fit into smaller spaces, and also allows a firm grip on the drill bit which will never rotate in the chuck,  like drill bits have a tendency to do in hand chucks.  They thought of everything when making this right angle drill.", "Wow amazing works just like in the videos.  First time out I called deer during the pre-rut here in SC.  So realistic!  Very easy and love the monostat slider.  Only issue I have with it.  Just after 2 months of using it.  I went to blow it one day and it took more pressure than normal.  Kept blowing and it came out muffled and extra vibration off the reed that made it sound off and not realistic.  I loved it so much that I reordered another one...  I was not in the window of returning the first one so there's that.  If you are questioning yourself about buying one?  Just buy it.  You will not be disappointed with it.  The quality is there.  Built from tough thick plastic.  I've called in a couple deer with it and yup they were all shooters and some 2.5yrold bucks but it works without a doubt i'll be trying their black rack system next year.", "OK, you are obviously looking at these because they are waaaaay cheaper than the Magpul brand ones. I do not think these are a bad option. I have a red dot scope, so these are truly backup sights. They seem like they are pretty well built. They attached to my rifle very tight. They click down and pop up as advertised. The front sight does not require a tool, which is nice. I read some reports that the front sight post is loose... I noticed that mine is a hair loose, but only when I move it.. It doesn't push from one side to the other, there is just some play in it. Doesn't look like it is necessarily moving off zero, just ever so slightly loose. I am not taking 150 yard shots with these backup sights, so it is less of a concern for me. These definitely are a cheap/solid option to the Magpuls. I like them, they stay out of the way when needed. My dad is also going to pick up a set of these or his rifle. Will I upgrade to the Magpuls? Maybe eventually? If these hold up and keep zero, I would really have no reason to.", 'Initially, I thought it would be tough to install onto the inner tube and tire but it actually turned out pretty smooth. Material looks like it could protect from thorns and glass and it doesn\'t look like cheap liners from the bike store.  I usually ride 50+ miles a week and I occasionally get a flat from super small pieces of glass. Recently, I rode to work and had to change a tube in the bike room. I talked with a cyclist and I vented my frustration to him about having flat tires for a while now. He told me to get a "liner" for the road bike and this was the first time I heard of that idea. This other cyclist also has a liner (not sure of which company) and has not had any flats for over 6 months. I was quite surprised to hear that because I was replacing a flat ever 1/2 weeks and paying for $6 inner tubes each time. Usually my back tire always get flat but front has always stayed sharp the whole time without liners.  After hearing of this concept. I decided to get on Amazon and do tire liner research. Mr. Tuffy does seem like the best tire liner considering all the other stuff can be knockoffs and fakes, or just plain cheap quality. The quality of this product will pay itself off in 1 month or less just by saving you 2 flats. But it doesn\'t even come down to that because it can save probably over 20 flats easy.  The tire liners came in today and I am happy to have them on my road bike. Size 700x25C.', "The socks are Exactly what I was hoping for, but not really time tested (I think). The reason is that the rubber sole is not in the correct place. The sock is pretty good. It bunches up a little between the toes (but that is normal in toe socks). It takes a little time to get on. Again, normal for toes socks. The elastic is snug and feels good on my foot (not itchy). The rubber sticks to the floor like nothing else. It's made of a similar substance as the stuff on the bottom of your mouse-pad.  The trouble comes on the placement of the rubber. It stops short of the toes. I'm not sure about other people, but when I walk, or jump, or stand on my toes, it part that touches the ground is very close to the toes. It seems like they had a person stand straight up, and then put the rubber where the contact is. But if I stand on my toes, there is now a line of pressure across that area, where the rubber stops.  If this problem gets fixed. I would give these 8 stars.", '<div id="video-block-RYIDKYVGD73V0" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/811Zsq4QrtS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81lyepppt0S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;These spur lights are great and a must if you run at night or low light conditions.  They hold extremely tight, are light weight, and weather proof.  I have put a lot of road miles with these lights attached to my shoes and never once have they came close to falling off.  They are so light weight that I can\'t even feel them while I am running.  I\'ve also ran in the rain and through puddles without any issues.  The lights are super bright.  My wife can see me running several blocks away from home when I have them activated a night.  I think of them as my tail lights for traffic approaching you from behind.  The lights have little teeth on the inside of the light that grip the rear heel of your shoe and hold like glue.  In fact, it\'s pretty tough getting them back off once you have them on.  Like I said, they hold like glue in place and never move, so you won\'t have any damage to your shoes.  To activate the light, there is a button on the side.  One push gives you a steady light, two pushes give you a flashing light, and if you hold the button the light shuts off.  The packaging states that the steady light will give you 20+ hours of battery life and the flashing light gives you 40+ hours of battery life.  The packaging also states that the lights are 4 Lumens, are weather resistant (which I\'ve proved already) and are Ragnar approved.  I purchased a both versions, a red light and a green light to give me contrasting colors to add visibility to approaching motorists.  Like I said before, these lights are a must for nighttime runs.', "My wife and I have been using an old 60's Coleman canvas tent that weighs about 80 pounds and smelled of kerosene.  We decided that with our daughter getting into girl scouts, we didn't want to have to lug around such a large tent.  My wife purchased this one on a whim.  I have to say I am fairly impressed with the quality for the price.  The tent goes up very easily.  One person can put it up in only about 5-10 minutes, but a second person makes it much easier to get the rain fly over the top.  There are storage pockets on the sides of the tent, and a mesh square that clips onto the tent and suspends from the top of the tent, where you can put more items.  It is not strong enough to store heavy items, but is great for putting an LED lantern, wallet, keys, etc.  The zipper is covered on the outside with a flap of material to help keep water from seeping into the tent through the zipper.  It goes from one side of the zipper to the other at a certain point to keep water from running down into the zipper.  This leads to the zipper hanging up frequently, but I know the first time we camp in the rain I will appreciate it.  My only real complaint is that with the tent body only staking down in the four corners, the front entry tends to be high.  My wife, son, daughter, dog, and I all tripped over it at least once (or more) times during 3 days of camping.  This tent has now been used by my wife and daughter for an overnight Girlscout event, and a family 3-day camping trip and we are satisfied with the purchase.  Overall I highly recommend this tent for truck camping.  It is not light enough for backpacking though.", "Having owned my MRO for about 10 months now, I definitely feel it's a good optic for the money and am generally happy with my purchase. Having heard of some of the QC issues on this model, I was definitely a bit hesitant at first, but mine has performed very well so far and have a lot of confidence in Trijicon that they stand behind their products.  All that being said, the MRO is not a perfect red dot and if you are seriously interested in purchasing it, there are a few things you should know about it beforehand. If you can live with these issues, then you will probably be very happy with it.  Bluish Hue: The optical clarity of the MRO is quite excellent, just like every other Trijicon optic I've used, but when shooting with both eyes open, there is a slight, but noticeable bluish hue to the lens. I have however found this coloration is more noticeable indoors than when used in natural light outdoors. Though I personally prefer a more colorless optic, I don't think it's an issue and hasn't adversely affected the function of the optic on any practical level.  Magnification: For me, this is the biggest con of the MRO and something that caught me by surprise when I first tried it. This optic has a very, very slight, but noticeable amount of magnification to it. When shooting with both eyes open, the closer you are to the target, the more noticeable the magnification becomes. On a practical level, it doesn't really affect function for me, though if I were using it more in very close quarters, I might have more of an issue with it. Regardless, for $500 +/-, it's a little disappointing considering I've used Holosun optics that were less than half the cost of the MRO that didn't have these issues, are perfectly clear and close to, if not as durable.  Glare: Yes. In certain situations there is some glare to this optic and if you crank up the brightness too much in darker spaces, you will notice this, and in some cases, a halo effect. Glare will also be an issue when exposed to direct sunlight. Part of this I attribute to the large objective and feel that's just a price you pay, although I imagine some of it may be reduced with the use of a kill flash. Regardless,  when using the correct brightness settings for your environment, most of these potential issues shouldn't give you any problems.  Lens covers: There are not a whole lot of options for lens covers for the MRO and the ones you can find are severely overpriced in my opinion. Fortunately, I found a tip online that suggested the Butler Creek #17 for the front objective and sure enough, it works great! Highly recommended.  Summary: Overall I definitely like my MRO very much. But if you're seriously in the market for one, I would strongly suggest trying it out first before buying and especially, comparing it to other red dots like the AimPoint Micro as there are distinct Pros/Cons to each that will likely influence your preference. Lastly, unless you are LEO or Military, I would also suggest also comparing it to some of the Primary Arms / HoloSun optics offer some very competitive options at less than half the cost.", "This device appears to have all that is solid and helpful when repairing and/or adjusting a bicycle. If it didn't, you wouldn't want it as it's relatively heavy overall. However, I went to use this device today and it simply isn't sized correctly. The 15MM wrench/bolt turner was/is off on my device and it does not work. I was out with a friend and I was attempting to use the 15MM to install a connector on my bike to tow a kid's trailer. I was trying to use the WOTOW and it was stripping the bolt. I thought dang, the bolt must be an irregular size from my bike OEM. Luckily, I was near a local bike shop, so I ran up there and the tech was like, you need a 15MM wrench. I was like I have one. He's like, your wrench stinks. He was right. I bought a wrench at their shop--a 15MM which this is supposed to be. This means essentially this device is too heavy to be useful for me for carrying on my bike. I am returning. I realize I am one of many that have/has this device. Hopefully their device works. Replaced with a Park Tool--#ftw.", 'Cold Steel makes a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cold-Steel-1917-Cutlass-Handle-with-Leather-Scabbard/dp/B000H6KTLW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cold Steel 1917 Cutlass Handle with Leather Scabbard</a>&nbsp;sword that I have been dying to get my hands on for a while.  The only thing stopping me was price.  Now, imagine the utter joy I experienced when I saw this listed on amazon.  I could have something similar for a fraction of the price!  Yay!  I put machete in quotes in the title because I find it hard to call this a machete.  It\'s huge and intimidating, and it basically feels like a sword when handling it.  The blade is about 2lbs, 24 inches long, and the steel is fairly thick.  It definitely packs a punch.  The handle is steel reinforced with a lanyard hole at the bottom.  The case is made of nylon, fastened with rivets and reinforced at the bottom, where the point of the blade will rest.  Friction keeps the blade secure in the case, but it also has a nylon loop to attach to the handle with a snap button to secure it while in the case.  The blade is 1055 carbon steel.  What does that mean, you ask?  Here is a copy/paste straight from a google search:  1055 steel is right on the border between a medium and a high carbon steel, with a carbon content between 0.50%-0.60% and with manganese between 0.60%-0.90% as the only other component. The carbon content and lean alloy make this a shallow hardening steel with a quenched hardness between Rc 60-64 depending on exact carbon content. These combination of factors make this one of the toughest steels available because, when quenched, it produces a near saturated lathe martensite with no excess carbides, avoiding the brittleness of higher carbon materials. This steel is particularly suited to applications where strength and impact resistance is valued above all other considerations and will produce blades of almost legendary toughness.  There were just a couple things I wasn\'t thrilled with.  The edge that came on the blade was very uneven.  Some spots would be razor sharp and other spots seemed to be skimmed over quickly and rather dull.  It didn\'t take too much to fix it, but it was noticeable.  I also don\'t see why they don\'t put the sticker on the cover of the blade instead of the blade itself.  The sticker left a lot of residue I have yet to get off.  {EDIT: The cyclops, in comment section, suggested WD-40 to get the sticker residue off.  It worked beautifully.  Thank you!}  Overall I would definitely recommend purchasing the Cold Steel Cutlass Machete, especially if you are like me and find the real Cold Steel Cutlass just too expensive to justify a purchase.  It will fit in perfectly with all of your other zombie outbreak emergency gear.', "I had ordered this from Amazon and it arrived in a un-sealed clear plastic clamshell package. I opened the package and removed the Mace bottle and started reading the instructions. While reading the instructions I had rubbed one of my eyes, and touched my nose. After a few minutes I noticed my eye and nose started burning and it was getting quite painful. At first I didn't make the connection between the mace and the burning because it wouldn't make sense that by just touching the packaging and mace bottle would be dangerous to the owner of the product. But the product packaging mentions that the mace bottle had been test fired so I looked at the mace bottle and noticed some brown colored material in the nozzle. I then inspected the inside of the clamshell package and I could see it was wet in spots inside. So that's how I apparently got the mace on my hands and then eye and nose. I called Amazon and the customer service rep told me that the package should have been sealed. They refunded my money and gave me a $20 credit for my bad experience. They said they didn't want the mace back because it is hazardous material. I still wanted this particular product so I ordered another one. When it arrived it was still not in a sealed package and when I took a close look at it without opening it (the clamshell was hanging open in the shipping box) I noticed the bottle had been leaking inside the packaging. This time I called the Mfg and talked to them about all this and they assured me that all there products are shipped in sealed clamshell packages. They told me that someone at Amazon must be opening the packages for some reason and spraying the mace. They took my name and address and said they would mail me one. What I received was the same exact clamshell package unsealed but in a sealed plastic bag. I inspected the contents and found that unlike the 2 bottles of mace that I received from Amazon, this bottle had a clean nozzle and no sign of leakage inside the package. I contacted Amazon about this again and I was told they would track this problem down and e-mail me a response to their investigation, but I never received that response.   So if you order this from Amazon inspect the nozzle on the bottle, the inside packaging and wear rubber or vinyl gloves because if you get it on your hands and touch any part of your body that produces body fluids (that includes sweat glands) you'll find yourself being the one experiencing the all the pain.", 'I ranked the Nebo 5598 "okay" for a few reasons. I\'d probably give it 3.5 stars if I could, but closer to 3.  Update. I guess people have decided to mark my review as unhelpful? Here\'s the short version of the review. This mount will mount your flashlight and that\'s it. Don\'t expect anything sturdy like a permanent mount. My flashlight won\'t come off, but this mount is by no means sturdy. So if you want to mark the review as "unhelpful" go ahead, but I\'m not taking my review back. The mount simply isn\'t sturdy. It mounts but it is very loose and I feel like any tighter and I will break the mount.  Original review.  While it definitely "mounts" the Nebo 5077 (although for some reason after my purchase, 5077\'s are nowhere to be found??) and is a perfect fit for both the tac light and my Moss 88 tube, I have a few concerns.  First some good stuff. Only took 30 seconds to install. Very light weight but VERY tough exterior and comfy rubber interior. The foot print doesn\'t mess up the sling because you can adjust the mount like 35 degrees to the left and you\'re good. Secures your light enough to where nothing will come off on it\'s own. Fits Nebo 5077 perfectly. Also, Nebo 5077\'s are awesome (if you can find one..), impossibly affordable with amazing quality. Anyway moving on.  Some sadly kind of stuff that didn\'t quite meet my probably weird expectations.  I feel like there is a disparity between the ability for this to mount, and mount securely. It can mount, don\'t get me wrong. And it won\'t fall off, but anything past that leaves me curious. Basically this won\'t turn your tac light into any kind of breach tool, "DNA remover," or impromptu cover gripping mechanism as secure like a truly fixed mount would.  I didn\'t even want to fully tighten it as I was afraid any tighter and it was going to strip out the threads. Whether it would or not I don\'t know but I wasn\'t going to tighten it anymore than it comfortably wanted to go. As tight as it would go it is loose enough to move around by hand axially, but tight enough to not move on it\'s own laterally. Any pressure whatsoever though will flex it about 35 degrees laterally.  Here\'s the thing though. It did mount my Nebo 5077 so I\'m not mad at it. It didn\'t meet all of my expectations but usually my expectations are all messed up anyway. I now have an affordable, and surprisingly cost-effective tac light mounted secure enough to where it won\'t come off by itself.  Bottom line. If you have absolutely NOTHING, and don\'t know what to do. Get yourself a Nebo 5598 mount and a Nebo 5077 tac light and then worry about the rest later.  Edit. I had to bump my score up. This mount held together when my heat shield came off (needs thermal tape), and my sling reflex bounced itself off (needed to be attached in reverse), and my tube started unscrewing (needs lock-tight). So this thing absolutely secures my light to my tube and the locking mechanism is just fine, although I have it super tight to the point to where I\'m worried it\'ll break, strip itself, or crush the tube (heh) but it\'s held no problem so that\'s probably how tight it\'s supposed to be. Granted again I don\'t retract my statement that it isn\'t as secure as a production job. You can\'t use this as a defense tool or to brace against a surface. It\'s *only* for mounting your flashlight.  Also mount it at a 45 degree angle clockwise or the recoil will bump it into your knuckles.  Anyway this\'s all a learning experience, so take care and hollar if you have questions.', "I would have given it five stars except there were NO instructions for the crossbow.  Since I bought a crossbow pistol some time ago assembly this crossbow rifle was easy, but I will list things you should know after my general comment.  If you have never owned a crossbow and want to try one, this is a good choice.  Hunting grade crossbows are $350 to $1,000+.  This is a Target Grade Crossbow, but it is not a toy.  Power is not specified, but I would guess it is at least an 80 pounder.  It is very accurate at 10 yards and will sink darts into targets at 20 yards. If aimed high, the darts will travel much farther. The bow subassembly is already stung which is a blessing.  The included 4X20mm Scope (which does come with instructions) is real plus.  Getting Started:  Right out of the box every screw, nut and bolt should be checked for snug fit.  My guess is that most of the negative comments from others about early failures were because of loose fasteners.  Also, after each shooting session, all should be rechecked.  Tightening everything before attaching the bow subassembly and scope makes the tightening process much easier.  Assembly:  The heavy `U' shaped bar on the crossbow goes on the bottom of the crossbow `barrel' and the single cable on top.  Before you attach it to the stock, tighten the two bold and nuts which hold the bow together.  A screwdriver and a small adjustable wrench are required for all nuts and bolts. Then tighten the bolt and nut holding on the front sight.  Then tighten the three bolts and nuts that hold the main frame together.  Now the bow can be attached.  Once in place, locate the large washer on the front of the bow and insert the large hex bolt through it.  Tighten with the provided Hex Allen Wrench.  My crossbow came with an extra bow bolt and Allen Wrench.  If yours does too, just save them.  Only one main bolt is required to attach the bow.  Prior to attaching the telescopic sight, the rear standard one must be removed.  This is easy but don't stop there.  Remove the silver screw on the rail which held the old rear sight.  Then remove the long bolt sticking up from it which is left over from the original sight.  It will interfere with the scope.  The shorter bolt on the front of the rail will not.  It is required to hold the dart retainer spring.  Leave the short bolt in place.  Removing the sight mounting rail will also give you access to moving metal parts which hold and release the bow cable. Give these a very light spray with aerosol gun oil or penetrating oil.  Only a quick shot on each pivot is all that is required.  Wipe up the excess.  Any overspray will drip out the bottom of the trigger assembly lubricating it along the way.  Lightly oiling the bow spools is also a good thing to do. They are under a lot of pressure.  Spray some oil on a towel and wipe the bow cable and the rails it slides on.  Also, wipe the insides of the rails that that the two cocking rods slide in.  Reattach the sight rail and mount the scope.  One adjustment knob must point up and the other must face right.  After shooting 10 darts you will see if scope adjustments need to be made. If your darts are grouped too low or high, unscrew the cap on the top adjuster and use a screwdriver to set up or down.  If your shots are right or left, do the same with right facing adjustor.  At first try about  turn.  Again fire 10 darts.  If still more adjustment is required give the screw(s) a 1/8 turn and fire another 10 darts.  If your shots are now evenly grouped around the bull's-eye you are done.  Screw the cover caps on and you are good to go.  If not, keep making adjustments at 1/8 turns.  If you over adjust, turn the screw(s) back slightly.  The scope also has a focus adjustment.  If you loosen the ring at the front of the rear eyepiece you can screw the lens in or out for a sharp focus.  About  way worked best for me.  When sighting, do not put your eye against the scope.  2 to 3 inches behind protects your eye from firing vibration and gives the best view.  When you are at the correct distance you will see the crosshairs in a fully lit circle.  Cocking:  The cocking system in normally locked. To release it, put you hand on the stock handle (not the pistol grip) and press the release button with your thumb. It is located where the trigger would be on a conventional rifle.  Pressing the release, continue holding the stock and with your other hand holding the horn on the front of the crossbow pull the stock down until you hear and see the cable lock in place.  Relock the stock back in its normal position.  I find it easiest to place the stock against my waist when cocking.  It makes the process very easy.  Once cocked, activate the safety switch DOWN.  It is a flipper on the left side of the crossbow at the top of the pistol grip.  UP is fire mode.  Loading:  After cocking, make sure the safety is activated and just in case, never touch the trigger when loading.  Place the dart with the `feathers' pointing right and left.  Slide the dart underneath the spring clip all the way back until it contacts the stop.  Unlike a conventional arrow, there is no groove to be slipped over a string. There will be a small gap behind the stop to allow the cable to pop up and engage the dart properly.  Shooting:  Once on target, release the safety.  Wrap your other hand around your trigger hand as if you were shooting a pistol.  Placing a hand underneath the crossbow can and will result in skin burns as the bottom cables travel forward.  If your archery target is soft or worn you may need to add two or tree layers of cardboard to keep the dart from sinking all the way in it.  As I previously mentioned, this is not a toy.  Warnings:  Always wear Eye Protection.  Do NOT place your other hand underneath the crossbow when shooting.  Activate the safety switch before loading a dart.  The dart must be properly loaded or harmful misfires can occur.  Only release the safety when you are on target.  Never air higher than the sights indicate.  Make sure the area behind your target is clear in case of a miss.  AND, you may find crossbow shooting addictive.  : )", 'I highly recommend my DryLite towels an effective and compact portable towel that dries you adequately and dries out quickly; However, be aware it does not dry a body like a cotton bath towel.  Normal bath towels scrub and rub and buff you completely dry. They don\'t stick to you. You have to press them on your body. (Think: "He-heee that tickles! OK, let\'s put on some clothes!")  This is not the DryLite experience. At its best, in drier air, the DryLite feels like buffing yourself with super-lightweight suede leather. At its worst, in a really humid steamy shower room, it feels like a clingy micro-sued cloth that gets damp and grabs and skids over your wet skin until you peel it off. In both cases it feels like your skin air dries a moment after the towel is removed. This is highly effective but sort of unsettling until you mentally adjust to the wet-suede-rubbing feeling. (Think: "Wait was I just licked by a moist calf tongue or...? Oh hey, I\'m dry!")  While I would never admit to my girlfriend that I actually like that sensation, and I\'m not sure that I do, I can completely justify paying good money for an approximately 2-foot by 4-foot towel that I can dunk completely under water, wring out well, hang dry and pack in 45 minutes. I\'m 6\' 210 average body type, and I can wrap it around my waist and change my clothes underneath.  It rolls up and packs in my small toiletry kit with razor, comb, deodorant, camp soap, band aid box, sunscreen, etc. So far, I\'ve used it about a week on the road, and I\'m going to take it wherever I go camping again or swimming even.  Five-star travel/packable effectiveness. Three-star towel feel. Useful and effective, but they still leave you wondering if you like using them or not.', "Only had this bicycle lamp for tens days now, but have tested it out as extensively as weather has permitted and am quite pleased. Ordered this Nitefighter because it was the first multi-lens model to come with Cree's Neutral White XP-G2. Earth tones along the trail don't get bleached out, so natural elements such as branches, dry leaves, mud and rock are more recognizable, and obstacles more avoidable. Can't overstate this quality; have always found the Cool White tint of my previously owned bike lights rather disorienting, kinda mimicked intense moon or star light. Hours of pedaling through what appeared to be dreamscape would make me want to close my eyes and drift off to slumberland... not such a good thing to happen when riding a bike. Neutral White, OTOH, being closer to natural afternoon or morning light, keeps me feeling more alert and involved with my surroundings. It's a much happier experience over all.  As it is still winter here, my night rides so far have not exceeded much more than about an hour and a half, the BT40S powered anywhere from Low to Turbo. From a full charge on the included battery, the indicator has only dropped from green to blue near my return home, meaning there is still up to 75% remaining. This is better performance than I've had from any other setup, so no complaints here.  Was pleasantly unsurprised by the shape and scope of the NiteFighter BT40S' beam pattern. Despite its relatively wide angle, the throw from this thing's four (count 'em, four) emitters is pretty darsh darn good. Maybe doesn't reach quite as far as would a longer, reflector based spot light, but has much smoother and even distribution. There's no ringing or wasted spill; light fades gradually from the center without distict boarders. Haven't unscrewed the front bezel yet to swap in the extra-wide angle diffusing lens that's included in the package (because the default lens has been fine for all my needs so far) but expect that option would benefit more from an auxiliary little spot lamp you could mount on your helmet. NiteFighter has actually come up with a NW single emitter specifically lamp designed to complement the BT40S, might be a worthwhile addition for anyone who actually installs the diffuser and/or rides real technical track.  Doesn't look like the manufacturer cut any corners here, and the results speak for themselves. BT40S is extremely easy to operate, even with heavy gloves on. Brightness is adjustable through four levels in either direction without having to cycle through Off, with the aid of a large soft-touch dual control button. One criticism: Low mode, at 30% power, still seems kinda high to me. Seeing as there are four levels, think maybe it could have started off at 20% or 25%, with more discernible differences between each press of the button. But that's just me, am sure others will appreciate the subtlety. Couple of bonus features not declared in the Amazon overview: Charge indicator LEDs remains unlit when the lamp is not in use, so the battery pack can remain connected without draining any power. And the two-whole-Amp charger gently flashes red near end of its cycle before going green once the cells have reached 8.4V - 8.5V.  Like that there is a soft connection from the cell pack to the charger cable and a firmer, waterproof connection to the lamp head. Very well though out and implemented design.  Unenhanced photos taken of/with NiteFighter BT40S", "Used this for the first time today. I have to say that I love it. Its well made, easy to use, fast to inflate and put away. Made a couple stupid mistakes the first time out, but I also inflated it at the launch site, put it in and headed up the river.  Most of the time I will use it by myself, but did take a friend with me. It had way more room than I anticipated. As long as you shove the back seat as far back as you can, it will gain you a few extra inches. Just slightly punch each side back and forth and it does go back further than just pushing it together with 2 hands. (hard to explain, but made a big difference). The heights of the 2 of us was 59 and 56. We were both comfortable.  Love the pro seats. Really comfortable. Dont feel like Kayak seats. Great support and I didn't even use the blue support straps (because I didn't look closely at the instructions). The only down side to these seats is that it takes a lot longer to dry, but easy to take inside the condo (I live in a high-rise) to re-inflate and fully let the canvas dry. I still wouldnt go with the lighter weight deluxe ones  The double inflate valves makes it inflate and deflate really fast. I didn't need to use the pump. Once you unscrew the lower valve the air comes right out. You just have to really catch the water that is trapped all the way in the bow and particularly the stern. Still easy to dry to put away.  I wish it came with bungy cords across the bow to stow things like a life jacket if its in a place thats not mandatory to wear but I can probably come up with something to make it work.  Regardless this is a great Kayak in all ways. Cant wait to see the fall colors change next month.  I would suggest that if you are deflating it in a grassy area that you put it on a plastic tarp. It makes it easier so that you don't have to continually dry off the grass thats stuck to it because it was wet. Use camping chamois towels to dry it off. They absorb a lot of water and are so much less bulky than a regular towel.", "Awesome. I use it with both ANT+ transmitters running on Android tablet and also as a bluetooth smart device. The connection has never failed. I own 30 units of this and use it during my physical education classes. The Scosche Rhythm + is both ANT+ and Bluetooth smart enabled.  Readings are comparable with a chest worn HRM. I tested it versus the Polar H7 Bluetooth Smart heart rate monitor. It's also sweat resistant, good enough for the hardest of land based workouts. I once accidentally threw a unit into the washing machine for a hour's wash followed by 90 minutes spin in the dryer. Still works! Don't try it at home!  Presently, I use it regularly as a test unit for GPS watches and wearables. The Scosche Rhythm + features technology from Performancetrek. Just google that and have a read at what you're buying into.  It lasts up to 8 hours on a single charge and takes about 45 minutes to an hour for a full charge. Going by individual usage, it takes about a week to deplete the charge based on an hour of usage per day.  It comes packed with a USB charger and 2 neoprene velcro bands; a small and a large.  You can't go wrong with this. I've reviewed many products, main fitness tech and all, and this is high on my list of items you must buy.", 'Very pleased with my choice on this particular product. It holds my FULL SIZE pistols in place very nicely and has slots for 2 magazines each (and obviously a third in the magazine well if you so choose). The downsides are not a big deal to me, but may be of interest to others, so: 1. Does not hold revolvers (I believe it says that in the description too) 2. Some compacts MIGHT fit, but none of mine do. They fall forward into the slot where the barrels on full size pistols sit. They still ultimately remain stationary and will be there when you open the case, they will just get bounced around a lot in transit. Wouldn\'t even try subcompacts. 3. The storage space in the center, as you can observe from the photos, is not very large. I tried to place my range rounds in there but unfortunately most of the boxes did not fit. Definitely mainly for eye pro, ear pro, and extra mags. However, I did fit my 6" Chiappa rhino in there with room to spare. As I said, the downsides are minor and I still absolutely recommend this case. Hope this helps!', "This Bipod fits perfect on my Ruger 10 22 barrel. On the top side of the bipod there is a spring loaded durable metal clip which you push to release the clamp. Inside the clamp there is some black padding that is installed into the bipod clamp that helps extremely well to protect the barrel. The padding is not noticeable at all when you clamp the bipod on the barrel and the barrel does not touch any part of the metal on the bipod. In the picture there is a screw that hangs down and a round metal wheel which sits horizontal. When you clamp the bipod on your barrel you turn the horizontal wheel which tightens the bipod on the barrel. This is all you have do to install the bipod. When the bipod is clamped on it's really SOLID and not flimsy or wobbly at all. When you twist the lower extension screws on the bipod legs there is an internal loaded spring that allows the legs to pop right out which gives you about three more inches of height. On the end of the legs there are rubber feet which are durable. The two pins in the middle of the bipod are also spring loaded. You pull up on the pins and can easily fold up the bipod legs. The bipod feels well made and is all metal (other than feet). When I tested the bipod at the range it stayed put forward and back on the barrel however it does turn left and right when you put some moderate pressure by twisting the stock. This motion did NOT scratch the barrel (NOT AT ALL) because of the inner pads installed on the bipod. The twisting motion was not an issue at all and was even a plus at shooting at odd angles. Overall the bipod fits great and stays put. I put hundreds of rounds through my 10 22 and was very satisfied with this bipod. I would recommend to a friend.  update 9-7-14 It's still working like new and I love it!"]
["Excellent light at a good price. There seemed to be an interested battle between the overseas Cree brand and the Coast brand so I ordered one of each and compared them side-by-side.  On Amazon, the CREE ULTRAFIRE XD-68s sells for less than half the price of the COAST HP1 at 3.99 and 9.99 respectively.  Both are single state (full on) flashlights in a black, metal housing.  Both will fit in your pocket. Both have identical clips. The Coast is a half-inch longer and a little slimmer than the more heavily styled Cree. The styling reference is entirely subjective so I leave that to you. I prefer (slightly) the Coast.  The light color from the Coast is cooler (bluer) than the CREE which is warmer (orange tint) but neither is extreme and you'd be hard pressed to say which was which unless they were seen side-by-side.  Construction seems to be very good for both. Switch is solid.  Adjustable focus: The Coast will focus much wider than the Cree. The Cree will focus much more narrow (so narrow that you can focus it such that the projected light retains the image of the internal LED!) They appear to put out about the same amount of light, they just disperse it differently. In normal mid-range focus, the Cree's light is more evenly dispersed whereas the Coast is brighter in the middle than the rest of the field of view. Either way could be seen as better. It's up to you.  Cree takes a little longer to ship as it ships from overseas.  The Coast line is much more costly, and the HP1 that I'm comparing here is by far the least expensive of the Coast line. Others models are MUCH more expensive. This appears to be the entry-level Coast light, but is still 2.5X more than the Cree.  You might be tempted to buy the Coast because of the name. Frankly, I hadn't heard of it before so it holds no sway with me, but of all the differences between these two, there is not one difference in quality or features that clearly stands out as better or worse... other than the price.  The decision will be your own personal preference. I think I like the minimalistic styling of the Coast a little better, but the Cree because has an incredible price and I like the more even dispersal pattern.  So, comparison aside, the Coast is an excellent pocket flashlight at a reasonable price. I highly recommend it. But if you want to save some money, check out the Cree as it is a very formidable competitor.", "by Marjorie's husband:  I have had 2 of these for a couple years now and they are giving me good service year 'round. Modest price and one of the faster triggers for this price point. I really like the NO Glow - doesn't warn people or alarm animals. They work a long time on batteries even in cold weather tho we haven't had real cold weather to truly test them (like down to -30f). But they have performed well down to 0 to 10F and batteries (energizer lithiums) last a long time if there aren't tons of photos taken.  I have set them at trapping sites to see what's going on and some other places just for fun as well as surveillance of my property.  I'll include a few photos that are fun. Oh and work pretty good at night but not as long range - which is to be expected. If batteries are low and its cold its night time performance is really reduced. UPDATE 11-5-17: We now have 6 of these cameras. Most run really well tho they really do best with the energize lithiums - sure wish Amazon would ship THOSE to me.  Out latest camera worked well until a rain/snow storm hit and we can't get it to run. The maker has offered some suggestions but nothing has worked so far - darn n too late for an Amazon refund. I will have to call stealth again on that one.  I have 1 camera working on a 12v yard tractor battery fed with a solar panel. The battery has stayed strong for 3+ months now and pictures are good. Beats fooling with little batteries for surveilling our yard. I was surprised to catch several photos of Grizzly bears visiting our house!! I'm a lot more careful at night now (we live in a rural Alaska community). I've added that photo.", 'This holster certainly isn\'t cheap. But, on the plus side, it certainly isn\'t cheap. This is a premium holster at a premium price, and it certainly reflects it. It\'s held up well over the last few months, without any wear and tear to show for its use. The only thing that this holster is anything but excellent is the break in period.  First thing, the strap that holds the gun in place. The strap needs to be worked and stretched before it\'ll fit over the back of the gun. This won\'t take too long (took me a few minutes) and then it holds the gun very snugly. Second, the elastic itself. For the first couple weeks the elastic will fall into its "true" stretchiness and you\'ll likely be slightly uncomfortable during that time (either it\'s too tight in the morning or too lose in the afternoon) but after that it\'s perfect.  As to be expected, if you run, kick, or otherwise jar your ankle, you\'ll feel the gun move a bit. This can\'t be helped when you strap a couple pounds of metal to your ankle. While the gun may jostle, it does not come lose at all.  The only con one could mention is the break in period, which is to be expected with a holster of this quality and made of these materials. I do not consider price a con, as you pay more for a quality product, that\'s just how it is.', "We bought for our girls Birthday in July of 2011. They LOVE IT. We've had ongoing issues with power indicator light & loss of power. My hubby has fixed problem several times & it keeps coming back. We park it & plug it in & the next day our daughter can't go anywhere on it. It won't GO, NO Power & it's been charging all night. Husband checked & it's not a battery issue. It's wiring issue.  It is ridden in backyard with humps & bumps not all on a flat smooth grassy surface. We have holes in our yard from Great Pyrenees dogs & the girls love to ride in & out of the giant holes.  I didn't want to mess with gas powered & hot parts that can burn my kids. This is the right product for our family but my husband does have to tighten & tweek the power switch for it to keep going. It does require ongoing maintenance.  we have 2 girls that rode it daily until it had to be pushed for 2 months before any issues began. Ours has been rode ALLOT!!", "I have carried a lot of cheap knives while I was in the Marines. Mostly because they were tools and I didn't mind throwing them away if I broke them. (ok and also because I was on a budget:) My favorite knife to this point was my Kabar and my cold steel recon one half serrated folder. I have had the folder for 17 years and just broke the tip the other day. Decided to step into the $100 and beyond folding knives for my replacement now that I am retired and make more money. I was skeptical because the HK  (Koch is pronounced coke btw) was going to replace my old trusted and true knife which has seen me through three wars and was as dependable as they come. Well the HK arrived yesterday and I was really impressed whn I pulled it out of the box. Some knives you know right away aren't going to be good, well this one I knew right away Was going to be good. The handle has excellent grip and although it has a slight plastic feel, still feels solid due to metal liners. Blade is responsive and snaps into place quickly and holds securely. I have some cheap open assist knives like the SOG which are Ok but I like the feel of a responsive blade and not having to wonder if today is the day that the spring is going to fail. Good teeth on the serrated edge and I really like the shape of the blade not too fat or skinny. One drawback on a lot of knives is the clip being either too loose or too tight. Well this one was like goldilocks and was just right. I had no problems getting my knife out or putting it back one handed. I am a roof inspector now and wore this one in the rain all day cutting open various items. I have never had a blade move to the number one spot as quickly as this, but the HK is a solid workhorse. If you are on the fence about this knife I would recommend buying it. I also ordered the Benchmade Adamas 275 but at almost double the price that one may be just a defense weapon when it gets here. Best of luck  Pros for me are: No slip grip Clip Open/Closing Size  Cons for me are: Price Slight plastic feel of handle", "This powder measure has proven to be quite consistent for me. The main mechanism seems to be a clever design that works well. However, the hopper portion feels like cheap plastic. That's because it is. The plastic hopper portion consists of 4 pieces: hopper ($6), valve ($5), wiper ($1), and the screw that holds it all together ($0.50). Even though it feels quite cheap, I have not had any issues with mine so far. Even if I did, you can see that replacement parts are quite cheap.  This powder measure works by filling a cavity in a disk, hence the name. As you pull the lever on your press, the case rises in to the measure mechanism and through springs and levers, the disk is moved from under the hopper and dumps the powder charge in to a hole over the case. As you lower the lever, the disk cavity move back under the hopper to fill with another charge. The preset disks top out at 1.57cc. If you need more powder than that allows, Lee sells a double disk kit, allowing you to stack disks for greater charges. I have it and it works okay, but I prefer to use a drum style powder measure for larger charges. I also have the adjustable charge bar and I like it a lot. See my review of that for more information.  It is worth noting that you are limited to the preset cavity volumes in the 4 disks provided, unless you're using the adjustable charge bar. One cavity might hold 4 grains of TiteGroup, and the next size might hold 4.5 grains. This is an exact problem that I had, so I drilled and tapped a set screw in the larger cavity. By adjusting the set screw I can dial the charge down to 4.2 grains, my competition load. I've included some photos of the Pro Auto Disk on a turret for 9mm. You can see the set screw I've installed in the disk. I was concerned that it would create a shelf for powder to stand on, but it has not been a problem at all. It really works great and only cost me about a buck.", "Edit:  I had a bad experience with a Snugpak Bergen.  Threads just started unraveling from the top lid of one of the Rocket pouches.  The area where the threads unravelled has no stress when packed.  The fabric started fraying in that area.  Due to the poor quality of the stitching and craftsmanship, I would not recommend this bag or others made by this company.  I bought a Snugpak Rocket Pak and a Snugpak Bergen to see which one I would want to use as an extended bug out bag.  I chose the Bergen as it was larger while not being significantly heavier, and I returned this bag.  The Bergen has better padding in the shoulder straps, and was more comfortable with weight in the bag.  The Bergen also has has load lifter straps to keep the load weight off of the top of the shoulders while this pack doesn't.  Aside from that, the quality on the two packs was very similar.  This pack was built very solid.  All of the seams were double stitched.  One side of each of the main pouches pocket zippers was single stitched.  I would have sewn those with a sewing machine if I would have kept this bag.  All of the trim was also single stitched.  Seemed like an ok bag, but I think the Bergen is a lot better value and a lot more comfortable to wear.", 'It\'s like the other reviews say.  They run more than a full size big. I\'m always a medium, but I ordered a small based on the reviews, and it fits me just about right. Still a little big. A medium would have been way too big.  Even when properly fitted, it\'s not compression. But still a good workout shirt. For $14, I\'ll take it. Now to order a hot pink one. Hell yeah.  Update: After wearing it more, the length was getting to me. I\'m 5\'7", but the small is noticeably too long for me, especially in the sleeves. I tried extra small, and that fits better. Snug, not loose at all, but looser than a compression shirt.  So if you like a snugger fit, you might consider going TWO sizes down. Terrible sizing, but still a great shirt. I recommend buying one of the colors that\'s Prime & free returns to find the right fit, then go back for the colors you want.', 'Spectacular.  Due to health issues I was not aware of at the time, I would power through fluids during the day.  I needed to drink more water at work and wanted to drink less\\no sodas, but I like my water really cold.  The machines at work would barely chill water due to constant use.  I found we had ice machines on a couple of floors in the tower, but it was too big of a pain for individual glasses.  The ice is also the very small cubes which melt fast.  I got this and would fill it half full with those small ice cubes and then water.  I could refill it twice on my floor, the only slightly cool water speeding up the melt, but while it was on my desk it would hold that ice very well once the temps stabilized.  I have left it overnight with just ice and have hardly any melt.  I have left it overnight with aruond 25% ice and 25 water volume and still have a lot of ice when I get in the next morning.  Now, I have not carried this around, like in a backpack, so not sure how good this is at not leaking.  Other than carrying it by hand between floors and sitting on my desk, it does not get beat up and tossed around.  I am also careful when closing it, so the lid has held up well and no issues with the ring on it.  I really like this!  The stainless liner might bother some people, and sometimes it somewhat annoys me as I would rather have my ice water from a glass container, but for keeping things cold over a long stretch, which a large volume container, this cannot be beat.  I turned a workmate onto this and he and his wife both pick up smaller versions of this and enjoy them as well.  His wife was really amazed at how well it would retain ice over time.', 'I really like this shirt, and I\'m sad to have to give it 3 stars. It fits great, and it felt great when I wore it on bike commute to and from work today. I could even see myself purchasing the other color schemes, though now I\'m not so sure.  Disclaimer: I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my fair and honest review. The discount did not influence my rating in any way (except to lead me to purchase this particular tank top over the alternatives).  See the attached photo for the general fit. I ordered a US small (my tag says large). For reference, I\'m about 5\'10" and 170 pounds, so pretty substantially above the size recommendations they give for a small. But it fits as I was hoping it would (I generally wear t-shirts that are medium and sometimes small, and generally like it to fit pretty tight). The material is somewhat spandex-y, so it fits close, but doesn\'t feel tight.  So why the three stars? After wearing the shirt for the first time and getting back from work on my bike, I go to take it off by pulling from the top of the back of my shirt over my head, and it ripped badly right along the trim / tag line. Part of it probably had to do with how sweaty I was, but still, it was only the first time wearing the shirt. I recommend either taking off the shirt in a different way, or grabbing lower and much more material as you pull to avoid the tearing.  One other thought is that I expected the tank top to be tagless, but there is one of those horizontal tags on the inside. I didn\'t really feel it while wearing it, though. But it might have been pulling on that while taking the shirt off that caused it to rip.', "First of all, this wheel is packed loose in the box with no protection of any kind, so you are at the mercy of the shipping company.  Fortunately, my package seems to have been well treated and the wheel arrived undamaged.  Upon removing the wheel from the box, I noticed that the rim is made of thicker and heavier metal than the one that came with my bike.  It feels much sturdier than the old one, although only time will tell for sure.  A quick check revealed that the rim was nearly true, so I didn't bother trying to adjust it.  All of the nuts, washers, etc required to attach the wheel to the bike and secure the brake arm are included.  Most of these were in a little pouch, but a few were loose in the box and had to be hunted for.  The ends of the axle had poked holes in the sides of the box, but fortunately someone had the foresight to tape pieces of cardboard over the holes to prevent anything from falling out.  One nut was already on the axle and had become frozen in place.  It took a considerable amount of force to dislodge it, but after that it worked fine.  Also included in the pouch is a rear cog and retaining ring.  Since no instructions were included, I had to look at my old wheel to determine which way the cog went on, but it wasn't that difficult to install.  At first, the wheel made a bit of noise when spinning, so I took apart the coaster hub and found only a light coat of grease inside.  I applied a lot more grease, reassembled the hub, and it was nice and quiet after that.  If you don't know how to service or assemble a coaster hub, this might not be the wheel for you.  I've been riding on the new wheel for a few days now, including a trip of over 20 miles, and it seems to be working well.  In particular, the brake mechanism works much better than the one in the original wheel ever did.  Overall I'm quite happy with my purchase.  It doesn't arrive ready to roll, but if you know what you're doing, it's a good wheel for the money.", 'These definitely produce good muzzle velocity compared to the average 7.x grain lead pellet, but they are not as accurate beyond 10 yards in my long-barrel pistol. I say "long-barrel" because "pistol" alone might suggest that accuracy beyond 10-15 yards isn\'t going to be all that great a lot of the time. Groupings at 15 yards went from 2" to about 6.5". I thought I would try them, but I\'ll stick to heavier lead ammo. Don\'t be an FPS noob and blow a ton of cash on these. Try them? Sure. But if they aren\'t accurate, you know what to do. Sometimes a slower, heavier pellet is more accurate. Just like airsoft ammo. I\'ll never shoot lighter than .32g airsoft after years of trial and error. The same seems to apply here. I like 9 grain Gamo Rockets or Crosman Premier Hollow-Points. Both blow these out of the water for accuracy in my guns. And that latter are cheap ;)', "I bought two sets. I currently have two nearly similar porch lights but they have a frosted glass cover with a 15w 100w equivalent daylight bulb 1280lm This new light is definitely brighter than the original. It produces sharper shadows nearby.   The led does aim downward about 45degree angle so it doesn't seem as bright because The light doesn't shine in multiple directions (upwards) like a normal light bulb type. The reflector is a metal painted white with a smooth semi gloss/matte finish. So I added a piece of replacement mirror sheet cut to size. The replacement mirror was purchased from WM in the automotive section. It's a mirror finish rather than a matte reflective finish. And it is a must have diy addition just to have a better reflector than a piece of metal painted white. The clear plastic does have a linear design which is not at all bad. The body is a metal housing and the leds are Philips brand. The light has a nice rubber seal for weather protection.  I purchased the one without a dusk til dawn sensor.  I connected the lights on to a replacement electrical cord for testing location placement.  The two pictures of the front door area is the old 15w led bulb and the brighter picture is with the these shine hai lights.  Tempted to order another set or the wider commercial looking version.  If shine hai makes this with a brighter led (more wattage than 26) I'll replace these with those. My neighborhood replace the old street lamp posts with led street lights (cobra head style) and they made the neighborhood dark. Like solar lights in your yard.", 'Having gone through all of the research for a newbie shower valve assy installation, I thought I would share some of that with you here. I paid my dues so why should you? :-) Anyhow, this shower model L2352 as the ad states does not come with volume control. What that means is the actual valve does not have the 2 adjusters, one on each side, one to control the hot overall inflow, and the other to control the cold overall inflow. The adjustable ones have a threaded adjusting rod with a seating nut so you can secure the setting once you found your ideal spot. The old Moen shower setup I was replacing had two adjustments, one that you pull away from the wall, and the other you turn in a clockwise direction for example to adjust the temperature setting. These new ones do not have that flow/pull it away from the wall option. They only adjust by spinning them around clockwise, which turns it on at a full flow, and adjusts temp considering where you leave the dial.  So to shed some light on the flow problem, my neighbor had a contractor install a shower and valve assy., one of unknown origin in their shower. It also did not have adjusters. The contractor also installed an energy saving shower massage, or shower head that produced a scant amount of flow. They complained because the flow was insufficient, which led them to taking much longer showers to get the job done of completely rinsing off. So they put on a fuller flow head, and then they didn\'t like it because the water flow was too much. All of this led to the problem of not having an adjustable flow control setting. You could install a couple of ball valves, or even a faucet type valve somewhere along the feed line, but that would result in you possibly having to go downstairs, and either have someone upstairs on the phone while taking a shower telling you which setting they like the best, or you have to try a setting, take a shower, try it again, etc. So it is ideal to have the 2 set screws right in front of you when you are taking the shower to get your preferences right.  All of this could be eliminated by using the combination of this high quality, yet money saving Chateau L2352, in combination with the consumer reports number one rated shower head; Moen 21777BN Brushed Nickel Inspire Inspire Seven Function Shower Head Only with 1/2 Inch Connection 21777 (or preferably get the 21778 with the shower massage setup) That puts out the preferred econo flow of 2.5 That is what I have, and I love the flow level. The satisfaction that is derived from that shower head is like the results of consumer reports; they used about 70 subjects who tried all different shower heads and flow levels, and hands down the Moen models I just mentioned won. Not only did they conserve water, they created such a large head, with so many fine jets, that you felt like you were getting flooded with water, but were actually conserving water instead. (Don\'t tell anyone :-) let them think they are getting the major flow model)  When I first went in to take a shower, I was anticipating a scarcer feeling flow, so much so that I wanted to even reduce it some. It was at that point that I understood that having the ideally suited adjustment would be nice. But upon taking my second shower, and having adjusted my mind to it, I loved the precise amount of flow I was already getting. (If not I could tweak it by installing the shut off valves inline) I really don\'t want to change a thing.  I had read in the forums that Moen does not advise you to install a shower shut off at the head, something about possibly damaging the anti-scalding valve. Calling the included 800 number for Moen was great. They are ready to answer any one of your installation etc. questions.  This Chateau model is a beautiful set. I also bought the Moen Model 1920: Chrome Remodeling Cover Plate which has the wonderful quality Moen chrome finish. It almost looks like it was hand polished as a final step. Cover plates are the wide cover that goes under the standard plate in the event that you are upgrading your old 2 handle model to this type that has the single handle and anti-scalding valve. If you need to knock out tile to open it up the hole is covered by the remodeling plate. The exact dimensions as well as other info are all available in PDF format at Moen.  My brother told me to get the brushed nickel because that was all the rage. I was considering doing a return exchange etc, but when I saw what the prices were I decided the chrome was great. The shower room is a separate room so to speak, and think when I do the bathroom, I am going to be looking for a combo brushed nickel and chrome set for the faucets which will tie it all together. I just got the Oxo Steel Garlic Press, Stainless which has that same combination which is gorgeous.  So there you have it. Get this Moen Chateau single, and save a bundle over the other models, and use the number one rated shower head to automatically adjust the flow to the precise spot you want, and save on the water bill. By the way that shower head is large enough to give you the feel of one of those very expensive huge rain shower heads, yet smaller enough to make it a comfortable hand held.  Another by the way is be sure and install the pipe to mount the head included in the kit with the long part going into the wall. That way you have sufficient clearance for the hose, away from the wall to allow the shower head to be adjusted to any position that suits you; even straight down, once again, creating that rainfall large head feeling. I\'m out of space, so with all of this info you should be able to make the right decision for yourself. One note of caution pricing for these items varies widely. I did buy both the chateau shower posi-temp and cover plate here at Amazon, which had the best prices.  One final item worth mentioning is that I have an older home circa 1955 and the wall this setup is mounted into is 2 1/2" deep, the maximum depth allowable with the kit. When I installed the cover plate, that took up another 3/4". I was heartbroken when I felt like I had to return it for a flat plate, because the beauty of this thing, the way it is sculpted, and with a polished chrome look, I didn\'t want to part with it. Then I discovered that Moen sells an extension kit for walls that measure much thicker than that. All it is comprised of is a longer chrome tube that the handle mounts too, and some longer screws. So now I can enjoy the full setup including the remodeling plate. If you pull your existing plate off and take some measurements from the center of the pipe line, to the inside wall of your shower, you can use that info to check with the PDF file diagrams available for free at [...].  One more installation tip: Ignore the sticker on the valve section warning you to take it easy when soldering it in because you can damage the plastic and rubber valve components; instead, remove them altogether. It is so easy to just take it out, and then solder away the brass body. The secret to removing it is to use the included plastic removing tool. It has a square head on it so you can use a wrench or a pair of pliers to grab it. It slides down over the valve, and the 2 extender pieces sit down in there so you can spin it. Then just turn it like you would remove a jar lid, and because of the tapered sides at the top it pops. Then just use a good pair of pliers, and pull on the stem, and it comes right out. Everything that you would be concerned about overheating is contained right inside of the cartridge. The body as I mentioned is all metal. When you are done, reinstalling is even easier. Just line up the plastic tab marked H-C at the top, and top is marked "Up" on the housing, and push it straight in all the way. Your done. It couldn\'t be simpler.  Oh and one more thing. Remember how I said that the price on this stuff is all over the place. I just saw, current as of today, the model from Moen just like this one; the one with the volume control, and the price wasn\'t that much different than this one. So if you want to use your old shower head, and set it and forget it concerning the flow level, get that one instead. I love the consumer reports number one rated shower head mentioned above. It makes all the difference. The Chateau is nice for anti-scalding, but you won\'t notice much of a difference over what you already had, when you add the shower head, you are on a different planet.  The initial reason why I bought this posi-temp model is that I no longer have to fear someone flushing a toilet, or turning on a spigot in the house while I am showering and then getting scalded. I got so caught up in the design and installation stuff I almost forgot to mention that. I love my new shower setup, and I believe you will too.', "Got these on a whim, mainly because of cost. I put them around the house by toilets and not two weeks go by and one is already screaming. I was a bit pissed about it, until I got into the bathroom and found water on the floor! Well, at least I know they work! :)  As others have said, there is no off switch. These guys scream until the batteries die. However, after having set this one off, I see how they work now. There is a yellow sponge (similar to a kitchen sponge, actually) in the base. On top of the sponge is a copper plate. As soon as water hits the sponge, it swells and the copper plate makes a connection, causing the buzzer to sound. Now, if you carefully pull the little white ring off of the bottom, the protective mesh comes off, and you can remove the sponge. Just set it aside and the buzzer stops. When the sponge is semi-dry, put something heavy on it (I used a soup can) for a few days. The sponge will shrink down flat again, and you can re-insert it into the base and put everything back together. I did this with the one that went off, and it's working perfectly. So they ARE semi-reusable, if you care to spend the time to take it apart a bit. Honestly, it'll take you two minutes to do it.  Anyhow, good product and I'd buy again.  Update: lots of folks asked for details on how to reuse these, so read above and check out the pictures below. The key is to gently remove the rubber ring and pull the sponge out by the mesh covering. Once you have that off, the alarm stops. I peel the copper sticker off the top, and put a heavy weight on the sponge for about 5-7 days. At that point, the sponge is back to being flat and will stay that way until it gets touched by water again. The important part is to make sure it dries in the flat condition. Then, just put the copper sticker back on, and reassemble it with the rubber ring. You're good to go for another use. I've now done this three times and haven't had any false alarms, and they've worked perfect. These are great little leak detectors.", "Kreg is a good brand overall. They could have done better with this design though. It isn't very sturdy. There are times when you will need to use two hands.  The reason I gave it three stars is due the the adjustable measurement point. When you set it it is good. But more often than not you will have to reset it between uses. The design they used to lock it in place is not very good. If you bump it, move it or something like that you will need to reset it. It not very profitable if you're at a job site and you have to stop and take time to make sure it is set correct every time you need to use it. It is not a terrible  product. It has served me well enough. But it takes too much time to verify it's accuracy. Time is money. Now I know it's not a track saw. I never expected it to be. For the price point,  it isn't a bad buy.  ***  UPDATE.  ***  A few days after I posted this review, my Rip Cut broke to the point that I can no longer use it. The plastic piece that Kreg uses to lock the body onto the rail (the plastic flip tab you flip over to lock the saw into place once you set it onto the desired measurement mark indicated on the rail). It was not very sturdy out of the box. The design is flawed. The part that broke, the flip tab, is plastic. The design requires tension to lock the saw into place on the measurement marks. The locking mechanism when loose allows the saw to move on the rail. When tight, it locks the saw into place. The flaw is that the part that has the most pressure on it is plastic. Push, pull, it doesn't matter which way it is done, the pressure will break the plastic flip tab. This piece needs to be metal for this design to work. I understand cost cutting measures and profit margins, but Kreg should have done their diligence with this design.", 'This is a very nice high quality leather belt for the Ken Onion Work Sharp.  It was very nicely packed and even came with some white compound along with very detailed instructions for proper installation, use, and maintenance of the belt.  Because leather stretches, the belt is purposely made short to allow for that stretching over time.  The belt will probably need to be stretched a little before the first installation to get it to fit easier onto the Work Sharp, and the instructions mention this.  Also, you may need to adjust the belt tracking on the Work Sharp to get this belt to track straight.  Overall, I am happy with the purchase but only time will tell if the product lasts.  UPDATE:  I didn\'t think that this additional information would be necessary, but since there are a few individuals who have very dangerously improperly used the belt in their machines, here are a few VERY IMPORTANT things people should know if they don\'t already:  1.  You must stretch the belt in order to get it to fit prior to first use.  If you don\'t know the reasoning, read the instructions that come with the belt. 2.  This leather belt is NOT intended to be used with the guide attachment that comes with the Work Sharp.  It is intended to be used free-hand as if you were using a standard belt sander.  After installing the leather belt, leave the guides off.  If you don\'t know how to hone/strop knives free-hand with a belt sander, please do some research with your favorite web browser and on Youtube. 3.  NEVER use the leather belt with the belt moving in the opposite direction that the knife edge is pointing.  Some people claim to do it but it is a safety hazard and there simply is no need to.  Common sense should tell you that the knife edge will bite and cut into the leather, potentially flinging the knife who knows where.  Orient the Work Sharp so that it is facing you, and with the knife edge pointing DOWN, strop ONLY with the side of the belt that is also TRACKING DOWNWARD.  To work the other side of the knife, turn the knife around to the other side (not upside down!).  The edge of the knife should still be pointing DOWN in the same direction that the belt is tracking. 4.  If you are still unclear about how to use the leather belt, find the Youtube video titled "BEST WAY to Sharpen Any Knife RAZOR SHARP!".  The leather belt portion starts at about the 5 minute mark.  These are my opinions and are not intended to be regarded as fact.  I have no affiliation with the makers of this leather belt nor the link posted above.  I paid full price when it was first released.  But since my review is near the top of the list, I felt it was my responsibility to include additional information that may help prevent a visit to the ER or even the morgue.', 'This is a novelty, not light. The materials are cheap and flimsy. It easy enough to break the little, itty-bitty crank. Relying on the solar panel produces poor results. A weak and feeble light is all that comes out of this joke.  The concept is fine - the execution is lacking. Undermined by the cheap materials and components used. A complete and total waste of money. You\'ll be a lot happier if you don\'t buy this piece of garbage. Unfortunately zero-stars is not an option.  p.s. Their "customer service", first claimed this wasn\'t their product (despite the large, prominent company logo on the cover). Secondly, they really, really want you to send this $2 toy back to the company - rather than write an honest review on Amazon.  Yes, they want your defective item so they can "analyze the failure" and make corrections to the product, even though they are not the manufacturer.  This item costs $1 on orders of 1000 on AliExpress, individually they\'re $2. The company\'s products can usually be found elsewhere for 1/3 to 1/2 of their price.', "We purchased these to install when our little one was starting to crawl. His fascination with everything dangerous made us act quickly and these made it so easy. They were super easy to install, they look nice and clean (better than the old ones that were in!) and are so easy to use. I was so worried with the outlet plugs that we would forget to put it back or he'd get ahold of one and choke on that or something along those unsafe lines. He has not even tried to figure these out, even though he looks at and touches outlets often. Once the plug is pulled from the outlet, the cover slides itself back in place to cover the outlet.  FANTASTIC!  I am updating this a after many months of use and we have absolutely LOVED these.  SOOO worth the money.  We have many many outlets covered that we use often and have not had a single problem.  They all are holding up very well.  It is a great, safe, sturdy product.  They also look great, much better than plugs and other options.  We have actually gotten compliments many times because of them.  BUY THEM!", 'I purchased the Waste King model #1032-HE remote switch as it takes much less room for installation than the air switches that are more typically used.  The switch is plastic and just doesn\'t look sufficiently upscale for $4k granite countertops.  And speaking of granite, the box indicates "Perfect for granite..." but the switch has a shaft which will only accommodate a 5/8" thick countertop.  As the switch is not long enough for the depth of granite a kluged extension is provided.  The shaft extension screws onto a smaller threaded shaft (1/4" dia.) at the bottom of the larger shaft.  The smaller shaft was designed to only hold the tightening nut for the fiber optic cable and I do not believe this is suitable engineering - the switch is completely plastic.  The adapter was probably done in this manner because the thickness of solid surface tops was not considered in the initial design and for the need to keep the 3/8" overall shaft size.  I\'ve installed the fiber optic switch and it works as described.  The timed shutoff is an excellent feature.  The controller box is installed in the sink cabinet, plugged into an outlet and the garbage disposal plugs into the controller box.  As most garbage disposals are hard-wired you will most likely have to install an outlet box.  ISE and other garbage disposals typically have an accessory pack which have the parts to install a plug on the garbage disposal.  Update:  The switch has now been installed for about 2 years.  It has worked perfectly without a hint of trouble so I upgrading my review by a star.  As with most things time has a way of dulling memories of 2-year old issues.', 'Been using Intermatic timers for years. They are clunky, unreliable, and ugly but I was stuck with them because they were the only game in town... Until now... the Aube switch is everything the Intermatic switch isn\'t. It is solid state so makes no ratcheting sound like the Intermatics do. The blue "on"  LED is a fantastic addition and a great feature. The automatic Daylights Savings time adjustment is a great feature and it\'s accurate unlike the one that came with the Intermatic which was off by two weeks.  Since they use your exact LAT and LONG you get very accurate DST times. It is also adjustable if you want your timer to come on a little later or earlier than the DST programmed into the unit. Very versatile. What all this means  is, you install this once, and you don\'t have to mess with it twice a year to adjust for DST.  The LED screen is very high tech and sleek looking. Much easier to install than the old Intermatics as they are  a bit shallower and yet, they are flush mount. Go figure. Obviously the engineers at Honeywell are a little better at designing circuits.  I couldn\'t be happier.  This is the timer I\'ve been looking for all these years.']
["This little filter exceeded expectations. As a result of some neuropathic problems, my wife is so sensitive to chlorine, that if the township water touches her skin, her whole body starts feeling like it is on fire.  Bath Ball filtered tub water works ok for her, and so does Bath Ball filtered sink (wash basin) water.  (My wife is the ultimate test for the effectiveness of a water filter).  In the tub, we secured the ball to the faucet with the supplied Amazing Tape.  Amazing Tape works like kitchen plastic wrap.  It sticks to itself but is non-adhesive and re-usable.  (It can also be purchased as a separate item).  We have very forceful water pressure.  The Bath Ball can handle full-force hot water or full-force cold water without overflowing.  For mixed water, we have to cut back on the flow a little bit.  I wanted the Bath Ball to be a little closer to the tub faucet than the plastic hanging loop seemed to allow.  So I re-threaded the loop differently (with the slider bead in a different place), to effectively shortened it.  On the sink, we put an elastic hair loop on the faucet, so my wife can easily reposition the Bath Ball for filtered vs. unfiltered water.  For just cleaning the sink, it is silly to use up the filter.  For washing one's face, or wetting a wash cloth, the filter is is essential.", "I've had it about a week and it's doing its job nicely. I have used it outside on a mildly windy day and the wind was blowing the torch out. the flame is really small...I should have guessed, being a mini torch. but indoors I've have zero problems. the safety is easy with one hand. you can lock the flame on which is handy.  **update** I've had this over a year now and it's going strong! I use it almost daily. still zero problems! BUT I've noticed some of my friends who use it, they have real trouble with the safety feature. i think it's easy to use. slide forward with your thumb, then press down. push the trigger to hold the flame on. trigger off for the flame to go off. boom.", 'A few months ago my uncle called me and asked if I had any use for an old door that had been in his house for 50+ years. The house originally belonged to my late grandparents. I love old, high-quality wood furnishings, doors, door frames, moldings etc...  He had replaced it with an all-glass door and knew I would be interested in it. I got it home. Cleaned it up with some Murphy\'s Oil and was all excited about it. It included the original door knob and recessed door knob backplate. I then glanced at it and thought, "Why is that doorknob way over there?" I\'m not hardly old enough to remember when 5 inch backsets were common, but knew that\'s what I needed. I tried Home Depot, Lowes, even Wal-mart, but none of them had them or knew where I could get one. I even asked an older contractor, who gave me what sounded like the best advice, "Just use the backset that is in the door with a new knob and lock." So I started working on getting the old door knob off which was a lesson in patience since I didn\'t realize it all removed from one side first. That\'s also when I realized I couldn\'t use the old backset with a new knob. It was built into the old door knob. I did what any reasonable person would do and opened Amazon. There it was. The Kwikset 3014-01. I was so happy, I upped the shipping to 1 day. As soon as it arrived, I popped it in and it worked perfect with my new door knob and was even able to retain the old knob\'s backplate. Couldn\'t be happier. Hopefully Kwikset will continue making these since I have 4 other doors I would like to eventually exchange for older doors.', 'Purchased this as an extension for my Ridgid R4512 table saw.  As an earlier reviewer notes, there are no included brackets to mount it with, you have to fashion your own.  I did this using some 1 1/2" aluminum angle purchased from my local big orange hardware store, attaching it with some 5/16" hex bolts.  Once leveled and and securely bolted the table is very sturdy, and the added weight is not enough to make me worry it will overbalance the table saw.  The fence and dust hood work well.  The fence slides smoothly, although after every time you remove it you will have to take off the knobs for the bolts which attach it to the table, since there is no way to rotate the bolts to align them with the tracks unless you can actually grasp the bolt shaft.  I might later replace the included bolts with ones that are slightly longer so the shaft protrudes from the top of the knob enough to hold.  It is also disappointing that neither the dust hood nor the included adapter fits my standard 2 1/2" shop vac hose, even though they are almost the same size.  The included base plate is poor quality.  The leveling screws work well, but the corners are about 1/16" lower than the middle edges, which means you can never get the plate truly flush with the table at all 8 compass points.  The yellow ring insert was quite loose and had about 1/16" play in it, which I was able to compensate for by adding a small piece of duct tape to the underside edge.  The plate itself is quite loose in the table top.  The table\'s rabbeted edge is symmetrical, but the plate has irregularly shaped edges.  I had some \'corner snuggers\' from a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rousseau-3509-9-Inch-x-12-Inch-x-3-8-Inch-Deluxe-Router-Base-Plate/dp/B00002242B/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rousseau 3509 9-Inch x 12-Inch x 3/8-Inch Deluxe Router Base Plate</a>&nbsp;plate I had purchased before that I used to stabilize it.  Considering that this plate is sold with the table, there really is no excuse for the fit to be so sloppy.  Perhaps if I\'d bought the version of the table that comes with an aluminum plate I\'d be more impressed, but currently it is not sold on Amazon, only on the MLCS website.  On the whole, this is a good table for the price, but there is considerable room for improvement.  If you already own a decent router plate and won\'t need to use the included one, consider this a 4 1/2 star review; but if you are planning on using the one that comes with the table, cross your fingers you get one better than mine.', "I bought these batteries to replace a rechargeable battery in my Xbox 360 controller.  The play and charge battery would no longer hold a charge longer than an hour so I wanted a rechargeable solution that was not as expensive as the play and charge battery and also versatile.  After looking at countless rechargeable battery options I settled on the Panasonic eneloop AA batteries with individual cell charger.  I was torn between the Amazon Basic rechargeable batteries that have been commented on as being rebranded 2nd generation Sanyo eneloop.  I wanted more recharge cycles and the battery charger, plus when I bought these they were on sale.  I have yet to recharge the batteries yet and have had about 4 hours in playtime on my Xbox controller playing COD which has a lot of vibration feedback when playing.  Since the controller only takes two batteries I put the other two in my Maglite Mini Flashlight.  I like that the batteries retain their power over a longer period of time and that they can be used effectively down to -4 degrees F.  This is great for my flashlight as I keep it in my vehicle for emergencies.  I am definitely thinking of buying more for my sons toys.  I am going to check and see if the batteries I have now work with them before buying more as some have mentioned the batteries have a 1.2 V discharge which can be insufficient for devices requiring 1.5 V.  So far I like these batteries and will test them out in as many devices I can.  ***UPDATE*** I have been using these AA batteries in everything I can get my hands on.  They work in flashlights, children toys, lanterns and everything else I've tried them in.  The charger that comes in this pack works great and can charge 1 at a time or 4 at a time and everywhere in between.  You can not only charge the AA batteries but the a AAA batteries as well.  Charging time is reasonable especially if you are used to charging cell phones, tablets and other devices.  I am very happy with this purchase a since I made this purchase I also bought a 12 pack of the AA Eneloop batteries, the D cell spacers for Eneloop and the AAA Eneloop batteries.", 'Wow! I\'ve been thinking about upgrading my tubes to LEDs for a while; after getting to the point where about six bulbs and one ballast were dead, I decided to take the plunge. I ended up spending $95 on this purchase, rather than spending about $75 on the bulbs and a replacement ballast, so for just $25 I upgraded six fixtures to all-LED lighting.  Those four fixtures were each four-bulb fixtures, but I had already been okay with lower light levels with a few bulbs burnt out. So I figured I would just install two of these bulbs and see how it looked. In short, each one of these tubes are MUCH brighter than a pair of five year old fluorescent bulbs. So the overall light level went UP when I went from four bulbs to two LED tubes. And my power consumption went down from 250 watts per room to 48.  So doing the math, at about six hours a day, I have saved $16 per bulb per year - and since the bulbs were just $8 each, these bulbs will pay for themselves in just six months.  Installation was very easy. I\'m handy with tools, so your experience may differ. But the instruction sheet was very clear, and I made SURE before I started that I had shunted "tombstone" bulb holders that would be compatible with these dual-end-wired tubes. (One of my fixtures was non-shunted; since I had to remove a lot of extra wire during the conversion, I simply shunted them myself and still had quite a bit of wire to discard.) It took me under ten minutes per four-bulb fixture, and the resulting wiring was a lot simpler than with a ballast.  The bulbs fit perfectly. The pins are slightly smaller diameter than regular fluorescent tubes, so they were not quite as tight as I wanted in the press-in tombstones (but they were fine in the older twist-in tombstones); however, they are tight enough to stay put, and these tubes are pretty light.  Since I just installed these today, I naturally can\'t report on reliability, but I\'m not really concerned; the quality looked decent and they were well-packaged.  In my mind, the only negative was that the clear (non-frosted) tubes mean easily visible bright bands across the fixture diffuser plastic. But that was my choice, since frosted tubes waste lumens and I would have had less light.  I highly recommend these bulbs.', 'Discussing masking tape is a little bit like talking politics or religion. However, I do lots of Barn Quilts (8\' x 8\' geometric patterns on plywood.) and have used almost 30 rolls of this tape. This tapes works the best for me (Not the blue, and not the green, but the yellow!) Other "Experts" disagree - but I like the yellow. A secret I learned is to seal the edges of the tape by painting the edge of the tape with the color that is beneath the tape. All tapes will bleed some color underneath. If you paint a light coat with the color underneath the tape, the bleeding will not show, and the edge fo the tape will be sealed. Always start with the lightest colors first. The darker color with cover the paint you used to seal the tape. When the tape is pulled up, you will have a crisp, sharp edge. (OK, 99% of the time it works - nothing is completely idiot proof.) Because I am NOT a patient worker, I also need a tape that would not pull up freshly painted layers. The yellow tape is designed with that in mind. Also, the tape is fairly transparent, so I can see my guidelines and previously painted sections under the tape. This is EXTREMELY helpful with complex patterns.', 'It\'s called a shop heater, but don\'t expect it to put out tons of heat. Your shop better be insulated. I bought this because I\'ve had good success with another Optimus product, and they have 3-year warranties and wanted something for the shop/garage.  Physical: The build quality and design actually seem pretty decent, and seems fairly durable, although time will tell. The knobs and the plastic are pretty good quality with smooth action in the switches. The handle is actually very convenient. It is not a heavy device by any means but the handle really makes it simple to move around.  A cool feature is the base/stand. It allows tilting of the heater up or down as needed. Although it\'s not explained in the manual there is a little screw in the box. This screw goes into the side of the heater where it connects to the stand. It stops the heater from turning too far up or down. This isn\'t shown in the picture.  The casing is made of metal and so is the fan and stand. One great thing is that the case is always cool to the touch, even after hours of being on.  Operation: There are two dials, one for the 2 heat settings and fan-only mode, and the other which is a thermostat. The thermostat is a great idea, but unfortunately I had inconsistent results. Using my thermometer I would see how many degrees the temp would fall before it kicked on. Sometimes it would be perfect with only a degree or so before it turned on, and sometimes it takes about 5-6 degrees before it starts. A bit too much sometimes. I took one star off for this.  It has a light that comes on when the heater is plugged in, regardless of whether it is turned on. It also has a a caution light that comes on when it overheats maybe? This is not explained in the manual, but it has come on for me, oddly enough only when I turn the heater to fan mode and rarely at that.  This heater is not silent. You can easily hear it through walls and doors.  Overall I like this heater. It\'s small, and easily portable. It heats and maintains a mid-sized, insulated room pretty easily  The reason I didn\'t give it 5 stars is because of the thermostat issue and that I like my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Optimus-H-5210-Infrared-Quartz-Radiant-Heater/dp/B000GG8DWA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Optimus H-5210 Infrared Quartz Radiant Heater</a>&nbsp;so much. It\'s only $20 right now. It warms your body instantly instead of waiting for the air to warm, doesn\'t dry the air out, and it\'s silent.', "I'm a commercial construction worker and I use this for my secondary hammer, adze is my primary. I have had no problems drawing or returning this hammer to or from my DEWALT DG5139 Heavy-duty Hammer Holder on a Style n Craft 74-052 2-Inch Work Belt. I can flick the head upwards and catch the handle in one motion. I have read that another consumer has had problems with it catching and snagging on his metal loop. I do agree with the snagging when drawing the hammer, but with a small adjustment to the positioning of my hammer holster, all is well. At first it would get caught in both directions. Then I moved the holster forwards closer to the side of my hip and it glides out without a hitch. No double or triple grabbing and no leg massaging with the handle upon return (missing the loop). I'm very pleased with comfort as well. I hit steel, concrete and sheet rock 5 nights a week and haven't had any hand pain what so ever. I have felt a vibration in the hammer when holstering it after a solid hit, but not when using it. That proves the hammer does what it says it can do, at least to me. I do wish the claw was a little flatter, but it does pry shots from the deck pretty easily, when prying sideways.  Over all I'm very pleased with this hammers performance, durability and comfort. I do recommend this product to any building wreckers or laborers who are looking for a hip hammer. I'm also going to purchase the Stanley 51-169 28-Ounce FatMax Xtreme AntiVibe Rip Claw Framing Hammer here for $22.89, that's a steal.", "I haven't used it much yet to know about long term reliability, but so far I am greatly impressed.  I have used other commercial brands of Plasma cutters, and this one works just as well as some that would have cost me 3X as much, or more.  I got mine in a 'lightning deal' for $340, and i cannot believe at how well it works.  It will cleanly cut 1/4 inch steel, with almost no slag if you watch your cutting speed.  I have cut 1/2 inch thick steel with it, a little faster than my acetylene torch, and with about the same slag.  Not too many years ago, that would have required a machine that cost upwards of $1500, amazing what technology is giving us.  Now, getting something that works, and at such a low price does require some compromises.  Here are the ones I have found: Ground cable - short.  Fortunately, the machine itself is easy to carry, making it easy to bring to your work. Torch/torch cable - this is of a decent usable length, but it is not nearly as stout as what you will find on a commercial grade cutter.  However, for the average user, who won't tug too hard on it when it snags on something, and takes a little care to keep it away from sharp edges and hot surfaces, it should hold up fine.  Remember, this is a machine meant for hours of use per week, not per day.  It quickly and easily connects to the cutter, so replacing it if it does cause problems should be quick and easy.  You can also remove it if you aren't going to use the cutter for a while, to reduce the risk of damage. No hose connections.  It does come with a little air filter/dryer, and a bracket to mount it on the back of the machine.  It even comes with a length of air hose, but there are no hose barbs to connect it.  There is one lone barb, that screws into the air inlet of the welder.  To use the filter/dryer, you need to get your own barbs.  I highly recommend you use the one they included, even if you already have a filter/dryer, because it also has a regulator built in, which is a great feature.  I set the regulator for the pressure I want, and put a quick-coupler barb on the inlet side, and whenever I want to use the cutter, I just hook it so my shop air, no need to turn it down at the compressor. Instructions, or rather, a major lack of instructions.  Fortunately, the cutter is built so that everything has a different connector, so the only way things can be hooked up, is the right way.  However, before you actually try to USE the machine, please go on Youtube or somewhere, and watch a couple instructional videos.  They give a couple pictures and tips for assembly, but nothing in terms of how to use it.  No tips on air pressure, heat setting, etc.  FWIW, I found that 20PSI works well with the lower part of fhe amp range for thin metal, gradually increasing pressure up to about 40 (working) by the time you get to the highest setting. Now, to the good, It WORKS, and works well,  In anything under 3/16 inch, if you get the heat and air settings right, there is almost no slag.  In sheet metal, it cuts like a hot knife through butter, if you will pardon the pun.  Above 1/8 inch, you need to slow down a little, to avoid slag, and above 1/4 inch, it will almost always produce a little, but it doesn't seem to be any worse than a regular torch, and cuts faster.  I have cut 1/2 inch, creeping along, and that is about the practical limit in steel.  You probably could go a little thicker if you had to, but you are getting into the 'cuts it if it has to' instead of 'cuts it like it wants to'.  A couple years ago I considered getting a plasma cutter, and the welding shop let me try one out, that seemed to have about the same capacity as this one does, and it cost right at $1500.  I know they came down in price, but it still seems like a real bargain.  I looked online, and this was listed as the 'best Plasma cutter under $500', After you end your cut, air will flow through the tip for a few seconds, this is normal, it cools the tip for longer life.  Also, if you have a wire brush handy, a quick swipe over the cutting tip while it is still hot removes some of the spatter from it, making the tip last longer. It seems well made, all the controls work smoothly and precisely, and the cooling fan has a nice smooth hum to it.  Light enough to carry in one hand, with a handle on top. I understand it comes wired for 240V, but can be run at 120V at reduced capacity.  If all I had were 120V outlets, I think it would be well worth it to wire in a 240V socket for this cutter.  Even doing thinner materials, it will cut much faster if you can use it to capacity. Lastly, if you are considering a plasma cutter, spend the extra $50 (or less) and get the one with the pilot arc feature (the 'P' in the LTP).  Cutters without the pilot arc require you to start the cutting arc, much the same way you strike an arc with a stick welder.  With the pilot arc, it 'sparks' to start the arc for you, so you never have to worry about touching the tip to your work, so the tips should last longer, while at the same time being much easier to use.  Also, there is a little guide included, that you install on the gun, that holds the tip at the proper distance from the work, and preventing touching the tip.  Works great on most any flat surface, and makes it that much easier to use.", "I am compelled to write a review on this flashlight after owning it for 2 years. Bought it in Feb'2011 and din't use it much (only about once a month if at all). Started using it in Jan'2013 when I moved into a bigger house and needed it for a few things.  After about a month of use, the flashlight started acting up. Put new batteries in and tried everything else, but no use. The light would turn on once and would not turn on again. Sometimes, it would always be in burst mode, which is really not usable when you are trying to find something in dark. Emailed & Called customer service (Called a Chinese number and the person could barely speak  English). After 3 months, I got the LED front part sent over to me, which was for a different model!!  Light is still with me with brand new batteries. Turns on after about 20 tries, and that's if its my lucky day. Otherwise, it is a $50 paperweight, and not a very good one either.  Please do not take me wrong here, I LOVED its power when it worked. I loved the fact that I can just use AA batteries that are easily available. But I barely used it, and this thing DOES NOT WORK any more. Customer Service SUCKS!  I would not buy Fenix again.", "The dimmer works OK, but not great. It doesn't function as smoothly as your wall switch dimmer, particularly in the low light range. One time I had set it to a lower light level and sat down across the room, and the light just went out. I had bought this because I was switching a 3-way table lamp to an LED bulb which I thought didn't come in a 3-way version. Then I discover they do, but at a dear price $25-$66.  So, if you want to wait 2-3 years till the price comes down as it has on ordinary LED's you won't have to buy the dimmer and go to the trouble of re-wiring it.  The LED 3-way and regular LED bulbs generally don't have the high end brightness of the 100-150 watts incandescents. Maybe that's yet to come, but for some reason, as the wattage goes up in LED bulbs, the price doubles.  Still, the declining prices and variety of LED bulbs in the last couple of years have sent consumers rushing to spend large amounts to convert to what appears to be the bulb of the future, for the next 30 years or so at least.  They are certainly a better quality light than the CFL's (compact fluorescents.) And, they don't contain mercury.  Oh, but some contain lead and arsenic. (CREE says theirs have no mercury or lead.) Still the LED's look like the energy saving answer and the light quality answer all in one.  But, who's to know if a different technology will come along in 10 years and we all (at great expense) convert once again.  The lighting companies must be loving this.", '"RoomMates ACC0003B3D Butterfly 3-D Wall Decals" are done in vivid jewel-tones; the 14 two-dimensional decals are realistic and quite lovely.  The sizes of the various two-dimensional butterflies range from 3" X 4" down to 1" X 1 ".  Unfortunately, the twelve 3-D decals - the flat measurement of all is  1 " X 2 " - are not nearly the quality of the two-dimensional decals.  The vivid jewel-tones are only on one side of the decal; the back of the wings is without color.  Further, the 3-D butterflies are made of a thin, plastic material that is somewhat brittle.  The wings break easily.  The 3-D butterflies look artificial and inexpensive.  Each of the 3-D butterflies attaches to a surface using only the butterfly\'s body - a " X 1 " strip of adhesive.  The two-dimensional RoomMates Butterfly Wall Decals\' use is not limited to decorating walls. The decals are also a fun enhancement for application on wood, craft projects or painted children\'s furniture. I used the RoomMate Butterfly decals on a stepstool my spouse and I made for our granddaughter; we were not willing to spend over $100 for those available online.  Following initial construction, the pieces of the stepstool were sprayed with semi-gloss paint purchased from the big box hardware store. After sketching a background design, each drawing was transferred to the corresponding piece of the stepstool. Acrylic craft paint worked to complete each background. Once the paint had cured for several days, different RoomMates Butterfly Wall Decals were placed onto the appropriate scene. A coat of clear shellac, followed by a coat of polyurethane sealed the surfaces and protected the stickers. We did do a test, and the shellac/polyurethane coatings do not cause the decals to become gummy nor does the protective coating affect the decals\' color. This method should also work well for children\'s painted furniture.  If you are careful when removing the decals from the backing, RoomMates Butterfly Peel & Stick Wall Decals are easy to use. Because of the size of some decals, it is easy to have a decal fold over on itself. Separating the decal can result in damage to that particular vehicle. When applying a decal, be sure to smooth it as you apply it; this prevents air bubbles from becoming trapped under the decal. If you are applying the RoomMates Transportation Butterfly Wall Decals to a rough surface, take care not to smooth too firmly or the texture may poke through the decal.  I was disappointed with my purchase of "RoomMates ACC0003B3D Butterfly 3-D Wall Decals".  The difference in the quality between the two-dimensional and 3-D decals was not expected from a RoomMates product.  I would rate the two-dimensional decals as a 5-star product, but would give the 3-D butterflies, at best, only 3-stars.', "After purchasing this timer I was extremely happy with it. No more trying to remember to turn off the bathroom fan after a shower/bath. I was so happy with it that I told coworkers what a great purchase it was. Now 7 months later it started making a noticeable buzzing noise. It honestly sounded like an alarm clock. The longer it ran the quieter the noise became. I was hoping it would fix itself. No luck.....after it became obvious that it was not going to stop buzzing I thought about ordering a replacement, going so far to actually place the order. Then I started reading reviews of others' who experienced the same buzzing sound and saw that some of them called Leviton's customer service for a replacement. I quickly cancelled my order and called Leviton. I eventually ended up talking to Ashley F. and explained my situation to her. Ashley graciously offered to send out a replacement timer, she was quite curtious and renewed my hy confidence in what a CSR is supposed to be. Within 4 days I received the replacement timer (shipped free of charge) and was back in business. So far - so good. Any issues and I will post another review. Thanks Leviton (and in particular.....thank you Ashley F.) this is what customer satisfaction is supposed to be!", "I used this to desolder all the switches from a mechanical keyboard PCB. That was 87 switches, with two solder joints per switch. There were also 4 RGB LED pins per switch. It worked fine on the larger, spaced out switch pins, but I gave up on trying to use this to desolder the tiny, cramped LED pins. I ended up just melting all four pins at once with the side of the iron and pulling out the LED while the solder was fluid.  It is kinda hard to operate. It doesn't always successfully suck up the solder, so I often have to try multiple times. The tip is made of plastic, so it frequently touches hot things and starts to melt and warp. As the plastic warps, it partially blocks the hole, which makes it harder to successfully suck up solder, and more likely to touch hot things and warp more. Sometimes the old sucked up solder doesn't come out when you plunge it, then it attaches to the joint you're trying to suck up, and you end up with more solder than you started with.  It is usually easier just to use desoldering braid, unless you have a very large, clean join with plenty of room around it. Then it works fine. If you have steadier hands than I do it might be easier for you to use this. I don't have shaky hands or anything, it just seems to require a lot of precision and coordination to get good results.  I can't complain too much for the price. It does work, but I feel like it could be better.", 'Wow! I should have gotten this a long time ago. As others have also indicated, using the toilet is usually a messy ordeal for me. I\'ve known about bidet toilet seats for several years but assumed they were not very good. Thanks to online reviews, I did some research recently and, based on all the positive feedback for this and other brands, I decided to finally buy one. I chose this one because of the continuous warm water and the fact that it is higher pressure than some of the others. It is a godsend. No more need to take a shower or wash yourself "down there" afterwards. The water starts out lukewarm but very quickly - within a second or less - is at temp. The 2 minute wash time seems more than adequate to do the job but you can run it longer if necessary since this thing will not run out of warm water. The dryer does not get you completely dry but it does a pretty good job. I didn\'t think I needed the heated seat but it sure is nice to have! Very easy to install. My house is pretty new so the plumbing matched up well. When it arrived, I opened the box and thought to myself "no way this only takes 30 minutes to install".  But I got stared and actually did finish in about 30 minutes. The instructions are not super clear but easy enough. The water supply hose has a 90 degree connector on one end. Instructions don\'t tell you where to attach it. I tried it on the "t" and on the bidet seat. It seemed about the same either way so I attached it to the seat - a 90 degree connector on BOTH ends might have been nicer. I had to use an extension cord and was able to plug it into a GFI outlet. Will get the electrician to install an outlet next to the toilet. I\'ve only had this 4 days and I do not want to be without it. I am a single male - my family and friends may think I\'m nuts when they find out I have this (it is in the master bath so most folks will never know) but I really don\'t care. If none of them have the same problems as I have, they will never understand anyway. A true bidet is nice but this is much better. Nothing you need to do except push some buttons on a remote. I can honestly say this is a life changer for me and I am so glad I made the investment.', 'We have several downward-facing, 5-bulb GU10 dimmable fixtures that take 50W halogen lights. Obviously, at 250W per fixture, they are energy hogs. But we haven\'t wanted to give up their dimming feature, so until now we\'ve stuck with the halogens. We were excited to see dimmable GU10 LED bulbs finally arrive on the market, so we ordered several types for comparison (these, Lighting EVER Dimmable 7W GU10 LED Bulb, 360lm, Warm White; JACKYLED LED Gu10 9W Dimmable Warm 50W Equivalent 60 Degree Gu10 Bulbs, and Triangle Bulbs 55961 LED 6-watt Dimmable GU10 MR16 60-Degree bulbs, which were completely identical to the JACKYLED bulbs to our eyes.   The 7W Lighting Ever bulb performed best by far in our downward-facing, open fixture. What distinguished it from the others was that it gave off a uniform, bright light in which individual LED elements were not visible. We liked the color of light, the quick response time, and the silent dimming, but these features were true of all the bulbs.   The HitLights bulb gave off bright, pleasing light and easily came in second, but for our use, in which one looks directly at the face the bulb, the obvious individual elements were a deal-breaker. They\'re just too industrial-looking, and/or too direct about "Look! We\'re using LEDs!" In a fixture in which one did not look directly at the face the bulb, this  bulb might be fine.   None of the bulbs were as good the halogens. None gave off light that extended above the end of the bulb, as the halogens can, so with any these LEDs we\'ll have a dark section above each bulb. And none dimmed as fully as the halogens. But with our first-choice bulb, the one from Lighting Ever, the trade-of in energy use seems well worth it.', "Been installed for two weeks now.  Mush brighter than expected, but I like that.  I will probably by more later.  Wish LED's were not so expensive, but they do put out better light and perform better than cfl's.  We tested the wattage use and it was exactly as described. Update:  bought these over a year ago. Four still work , but are dimmer than they were when I first began using them and they heat up a bit more now (I have testers and shoot temp readings, so this is not just  a subjective observation).  Two out of the 6 we bought no longer work. For the eleven months they worked, they flickered randomly for two to three months before they bit the dust.  They did use signifcantly less wattage than a regulare 100 W bulb and  I am replacing them with 100 W LED from a different brand now that they are cheaper and available in local stores. The sellers refunded me a prorated portion of their cost even though they claimed no olbigation 11 months after I used them.  I suppose they have a point except they had only worked for less than 1200 hours.  They promised a lot more than that. Still they answered and refunded me within 2 days of my first EMail, this is why they get 4 stars.  I do hope peolple read the reviews.  I do not want to cost anyone their business when they are so on top of it, except their product is not living up to  their advertisement.  They did mention they were forwarding my concerns to their supplier. Amazon only guarantees refunds for 30 days, so no help there.", 'I have owned a Dorcy 41-1071, which is also called "Mr beams MB 360 light", for about 18 months.  The MB360 requires 3 D batteries.  But the batteries lasted 16 months, before I replaced them.  The MB 360 costs less.  The MB360 has a motion sensor that is much more powerful than the one on this light.  I had to be within 3 feet of this Hipe 16 LED light to get the motion light to come on.  Even the instructions only claim that it will work within 2 meters, which is just over 6 ft.  I personally tried 4 ft and it did not come on, I had to move to 3 ft range, which is very close.   The light on the MB360 is brighter.  Don\'t be fooled like I was by the marketing trick of "16 led lights".....they are microscopic and are all powered by a single AA battery.  I was disappointed in this product.  Here is what you should consider. This light is powered by a single, rechargeable AA battery.  Compare that to 3 D batteries on the MR Beams. This light needs sun exposure to work, but then says in the instructions that it needs to be protected from water.  Hmmmm.  I haven\'t figured that one out.  I tried to mount it to the house, where it was protected by the eaves but still have exposure to sunlight.  Easier said than done, worked with limited success.  I am going to have to move it out where it gets more exposure to the sun.  Maybe someone wants to comment on where you mounted yours and can it take heavy rain exposure?  Your location of this light is very limited by the 7 hours of sun exposure a day the instructions recommend.  The MB360 goes anywhere.  The only possible reason to buy this light is that it is solar.  However, why not buy the Mr Beams and use rechargeable batteries in it?', "Super Bright is not an overstatement! It's amazing with 2 little LED bulbs the intensity of the light from this unit. The center beam is blindingly bright, surrounded by a much larger halo of light. From my back porch to the workshop, maybe 20 feet, the center beam makes a light circle about 3 feet in diameter. This beam is ridiculously bright! I was able to easily light up the tops of giant oak trees 2 streets over!  The LEDs in the handle are very very bright as well, will be perfect around a campsite and in the tent. ***** DO NOT ALLOW YOUR KIDS OR PETS TO LOOK INTO THESE LIGHTS, NOT EVEN THE LESS INTENSE ONE ON THE HANDLE! **** The intensity of these lights hurt my eyes just peeking at them from the side. Press lightly a second time and the brightness decreases, 3rd press and it strobes. The power cord is hardwired directly into the interior of the body. Charged to a green light in a few hours. Very lightweight, and a shoulder strap is included. I mainly wanted something we could use on the lake at night fishing to see the shore and navigate by. This is perfect! It will light up trees with super bright light at 100 yards, so it is exactly what we need at night on the lakes.", "We just had our old corian countertops replace with new black granite countertops.  The new countertops were installed by a local company, however, I installed this sink (I gave the granite company the measurements for this sink so they could make a cut out).  This Swanstone sink was easy to install, but the plumbing was rather complicated as always, so I would recommend having a professional do it.  This sink is, without a doubt, my favorite kitchen sink ever I ever had.  The bowls are pretty deep and it is just a big sink in general.  The nero color is very nice!  Since the granite we got installed is black with specs of other colors, the sink matches very well.  I think a straight black sink would a little funny with granite like that.  The nero color is basically a dull shade of black/dark grey.  The stone this sink is made out of makes it seem durable and appealing.  We got a nice Delta faucet from Lowe's.  It is a great match for this sink, but it is expensive.  But if you can afford this sink, then you can probably afford a nice faucet.  The following is the faucet we got:  Delta Faucet 9192T-AR-DST Addison Single Handle Pull-Down Kitchen Faucet with Touch2O Technology, Arctic Stainless  I only had the sink for about a one month and so far I have NO complaints! Highly recommended!  I will update review if something happens to the sink.", "I have bought these lights 3  times for a total of 10 lights.  While they are great, as evidenced by my buying 3 times, they do have their drawbacks and I will try to prepare you if you are interested in buying them.  1 - They are really bright and don't take a lot of wattage so they are perfect for most outdoor applications. The light is sealed and supposedly will last many thousands of hours so I am looking forward to longevity. I have six on one line and four on another and they distribute and even level of brightness. I replaced some halogen bulbs with these because the halogens were bright close to the transformer and dim farthest away way. That problem has now been solved. 2- A converter from AC to DC was not needed as they do not pulse with the AC line voltage. I returned them and that saved me $40. 3- Now for the reasons I only gave it four stars out of five: Of the 10, 3 of the bases required lock washers as the threads were stripped in the base and would not screw down all the way, not a big problem. The bases and brackets could be of heavier metal as I bent two of them in the ground in our Georgia Clay. All I did was re-bend them back in shape but they were nowhere near the gauge of the metal of the previous ones I used. I would gladly pay more to have heavier metal. Now the worst part  making a connection to the supply wire was a disaster. I bought the Moonrays 11604 cable connectors as recommended, but the soldering was a real pain and had to be redone on a couple cases. I found the prongs which perforate the existing wire to be pretty cheap also and they bent down all the way a few times, which required rebending. Not a good option.  I wound up using the old connectors from the halogen lamps which required ring lugs to be soldered then screwed. Yet again, a lot of work but the metal to connect the wire was strong but I couldn't find replacements on the web. I just bought some Malibu 8101- 4802 low-voltage wire connectors which come 2 to a pack and they are highly rated. I believe this will solve the problem of connecting these lamps to the wire and purchased some however, I have not tried them to date but they look good. All in all, I love these lamps, especially the price, although they could charge more for a heavier metal solution, imho.  I am now trying to figure out where I can use some more of them in the back with another transformer. Keep you posted."]
['I was on the search for another Worker Placement game and narrowed it down to this.  As usual, I played a practice game by myself to get a feel for the rules and help with teaching the game later. I wasn\'t too sure if my game group would like the game after doing this because I got this sort of  "meh" feeling. I liked the army mechanic within the game, but the rest failed to excite me. This extra board game sense I have aquired over the years could not be any more wrong.  Then came the normal mental battles of anybody who has played a good worker placement game. Frustration of being blocked out of spaces, decisions of what is more important getting the card that gives me a scroll each round or army to get cards with more points or geez I could use some more coin... Players strategically placing their numbered meeples to block others from using certain actions was cutthroat, but no less than we have played in games like Stone Age.  The unique (to us) Army mechanic was definitely the best part of the game to me and also a viable way to victory. A player only went for military and won a game. Another had a good mix of military and empire points also won a game and yet another focused only on their empire also did very well. I also thought the army mechanic rules were going to be tough to follow, but an explanation that worked well was: You can\'t retire an army that is off fighting for you and they are too tired to fight again if they already battled something this round.  Other Pros: It was easy to teach with very little fiddly rules. Scoring was also very easy to understand, the board was beautiful and yet not complicated to look at. Cards are delightful to look at and easy to understand the icons. Usually our run time limit for a game is 90minutes, each 4 player game we played took a little over an hour...perfect. The order in which things happen each round is simple to follow and there isn\'t an overwhelming amount of choices, but just enough.  The only cons I could see were were fairly minor. The cards are flimsy and I would have liked better quality material used. I found it odd that a coin is used as the round marker. Couldn\'t one of those coins on the punch sheet been designed as something different to look at for a round marker? Another player picked it up asking whose coin it was and realized right away after she did it that it was the round marker. The Empire cards seemed a bit off balance. I could care less about using the "I can place a meeple on the Get Another Meeple Space even if somebody else is there", but I needed the card to be able to add more to my empire. Whereas the next card power flipped was so much more universally useful to all players. Some kind of secret points would have been nice too. I found myself looking over at other players and adding up their points in my head during the game. Other than storing cards, not much of anything secret going on.  Overall, I would recommend this to anybody looking for a fun medium weight worker placement game.', 'This makes it super easy to winterize your system by yourself.  My shutoff valve box has a nipple for doing this, but it\'s something other than the typical compressor quick connect type fitting. Since I already have an outdoor faucet down in the garden that is part of the irrigation side of the shutoff valve, I can easily attach this adapter and use my compressor to blow out my sprinklers. Note that if you don\'t have a faucet on the sprinkler side, you can get parts at a hardware store to fit this adapter onto one of the sprinkler feeders itself, but you will need a way to force that valve open all the time during blow-out. This is not something most sprinkler controllers let you do.  Note that you do NOT want to use this on a regular outdoor faucet on the house side of the shutoff valve!  Steps to use this:  1. Shut off the main sprinkler valve. This is probably at the street near your meter. 2. Open the outdoor faucet and let as much water drain out by gravity as possible 3. Attach this adapter, and then attach the compressor to it 4. Start up the compressor and let it charge the tank. 5. One by one, go through and open each sprinkler zone valve and let it run until it\'s just blowing air 6. When you\'re done, close the faucet  Note that you will need a "real" compressor for this. My 1 gallon craftsman compressor has a hard time keeping the line at 20psi while doing this. Be careful to stop and let the compressor cool off every few minutes.', "I purchased the R3 Jr for use on building a hardwood table so I knew I would be putting it to the test from day one. I will say this system clamps things together beautifully. My largest clamps are only 3 foot and having to buy 8 x 48 inch clamps at about 30$ a piece would come to about 240$ just to properly hold my table top together as the glue dried. This effectively saved me about 150$ just in that one instance. Not to mention I was able to immediately raise the table top and move it where I wanted it.  The cherry table top is dense and its size 36x72 as listed in the Kreg directions (every 6 inches) requires 11 holes per board which comes to 44 holes. For ease of use I just went to punch them all out in one sitting rather than stopping to glue and screw. On the second board (11 consecutive holes) the bit started to feel snug in the metal sleeve as if heat from the constant friction was causing things to expand and seize up. Naturally to seat the bit properly I spun up the drill a bit and just kept powering through. It wasn't Until I was through that second board (22 holes) that I flipped the jig over and noticed a fracture in the blue plastic that held the metal sleeve in place... which was now about a centimeter or 2 recessed into the jig. I simply switched to the second hole for the rest of the 22 holes and although I experienced the same slight binding of the drill bit I was able to finish without incident. Keep in Mind I was not putting pressure on the drill I was letting it walk itself into the wood as this was my first experience with this Jig so I was being as delicate as possible.  Needless to say I am having Amazon replace the jig and I will see how the second jig works for the skirt and legs of the table putting it through the same stress test.  *UPDATE* The replacement jig worked perfectly for the next 40 or so holes. Again this jig is what everyone makes it out to be. An amazing tool that makes life much simpler if you never plan to look at the pocketholes.", '<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stanley-STMT71654-201-Piece-Mechanics-Tool-Set/dp/B009EMKMCG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stanley STMT71654 201-Piece Mechanics Tool Set</a>  I purchased this Stanley STMT71654 201-Piece Mechanics Tool Set in September, 2014. I wanted to wait a good bit of time before writing a review. It is now February, 2016 (approximately 17 months of use) and I am rating it 5 stars.  I am giving this set 5 stars for many reasons. I would be what you consider a DIY-home mechanic and I would not consider myself to be a professional. If you are going to use your tools every single day, then you may want to look somewhere else. With that said, I have never broken any of the tools in this set (yet) and I use the sockets and ratchets at least once a week.  I do brake service jobs (pads and rotors) on my family\'s vehicles, friends vehicles, and sometimes friends-of-friends vehicles. I have also used this set to remove partial dashboards to replace speedometer clusters, and other various components to a vehicle. I have changed transmission fluid, motor oil, rear differential fluid, brake fluid, and transfer assembly fluids using this set. I will add that for some jobs you may need a pair of pliers for vacuum hose clips, which this set does not include. I have also changed spark plugs, but the deepwell sockets in this set do not have a rubber boot in them to hold a spark plug. I used different "spark plug" sockets for this job. I will add that you may want to purchase longer extensions than what come with this set as to supplement this set of tools.  I really like the screwdriver bits that came with this set as I haven\'t stripped any of them (yet) with a fair amount of use using my 18v battery operated drill (not included in this set). The open-ended screwdriver that came with this set isn\'t the best quality, but that isn\'t going to affect my rating. It is usable, but I usually use the bits with an adapter on my battery operated drill.  I know many times when I read a review, I always want to ask the question: Would you buy it again?  My answer is pretty simple: If my garage burned to the ground and I lost all of its contents, one of the things that I would definitely purchase again is this set of tools.  The price is AMAZING for what all you get, and I haven\'t broken anything (yet). I don\'t like incriminating myself, but I may have used a ratchet and a 3 lb hammer a few times for stuck bolts. Everything in this set is made in China, but Stanley warranties everything. I haven\'t had to use it, but after reading other reviews (which I did before purchasing this tool set), no one has had problems getting replacements for broken tools. You call up the company with a part number and they mail it to you, done. Again, I haven\'t broken anything (yet), so I haven\'t had to call them up personally. Nothing in this set feels cheap to me, not even the case. It has 4 clips that lock tight around the case and it is easy to carry around with you, if you need to. For me, this case stays in the top cabinet of my tool box, and it is still my go-to set of tools when I need them.  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stanley-STMT71654-201-Piece-Mechanics-Tool-Set/dp/B009EMKMCG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stanley STMT71654 201-Piece Mechanics Tool Set</a>', "Believe me, this was too easy. All I did was open the fixtures remove the fluorescent ballast. Rewiring the tombstone on just one in.  Install new LED lights. Turn the light switch on.  In both these fixtures the Ballasts had gone bad. A new Ballast cost around $18, and the two new LED lights were only $23.  This was a no-brainer. Replace the new LED lights and cut my power bill in half. Not to mention these LED lights will outlast me, I'll never have to  worry about these light fixtures again.  It took me about 15 minutes to open the fixtures cut out the old equipment and rewire the tombstone.  I am an electrician this job was probably easy for me the most. But I know that you know somebody that can help you with it. You will love the results. I would give it 10 stars or five stars twice if I could. .", "These lights are a good deal. They won't replace my beloved Streamlight Microstream, but I will have them all over the place just in case.  I was surprised at the amount of machining done to these. They have a ton of steps in diameter, fins with longitudinal scallops, and holes drilled parallel to the body on one flange. Now all these cuts do make the light look a bit like a transformer. There is something to be said for a sleek streamlined body. But for the price I cant complain. I may try to trim one down to the bare minimum.  The light itself is quite bright. With the lens pulled all the way back, it throws a large flood beam. Its good for not blinding yourself when working on something up close. When the beam is there tightened up it can easily shine to the tops of the 50ft trees that are about 20 yards from my house. Its a little odd to see the individual COBs when zoomed in, but its bright.  The modes are easy to cycle through. I simply cycle to the strobe before I turn it off to ensure I get the bright setting when turned back on. If the chip has a time out for mode memory I haven't noticed it.  As far as true brightness, I don't think it is pumping out 300 lumens using a 1.5 volt AA. I have some 14500s ordered to see how much the 3.7 volts burps up the power. Id say with AAs you can expect 100 lumens on bright, 30 on low, and 100 on strobe.  Overall nice lights for little money. Great for backups for the home, shop, job site, and truck. Would recommend.", 'Accuracy: I measured this tape with 5 other tapes I have and all the tapes were accurate to within 1/16 inch at 10 feet. Of course I do not know which tape is the most accurate. Color: Nice and bright so it will not get lost in the yard like my little black one did. Mechanical: The roll-up force is rather strong. I would not recommend allowing it to slam back into the case as a normal action. It could eventually break the tip. The thumb lock it easy to set but you need to reach all the way over the latch to release it easily. Still easy to do. Case comes with belt clip and is made more rugged then you would expect at this price. Weight is 101 grams. Markings:  Half inch tape with english top and metric bottom. Red boxes around feet marks (1F, 2F..) . Red printing on the metric x0 centimeter numbers (10,20,30..)  Marked in 1/32" for first foot then 1/16".  Metric is 1 mm marks with longer 5 mm and numbered centimeters. It does not have standard carpenter markings of black diamonds and 16 inch centers. One problem I have with this and most tape measures is the inside measurements where you add the size of the case to the reading. The case is embossed 2.5" but where exactly do you read the tape? I find it to be 2 21/32" or 6.75 cm measured as it exits the side of the case when the tape touches the case bottom. Not exactly an easy number to add.', "I use these to make a prefilter for a submersible pond and waterfall pump.  This prevents large debris from clogging or stopping up the pump.  It needs to be rinsed off occasionally, dependent on the amount of debris in the pond.  That can be weekly or monthly.  To make the prefilter, start with an open top dark plastic container with holes in the side (such as a laundry basket or crate).  It must be large enough to hold the pump with room to spare.  Enlarge a hole in the side, if necessary, for the discharge hose to fit through to the pump.  Line the container with the AC foam filter, place the pump inside, connect the hose and place more filter on top that overlaps that on the sides (more overlap is better to hold it in place).  Rocks or stones can be placed on top the container to help conceal the pump and to hold the top filter in place.  This size AC Form Filter is good for smaller pond pumps.  For larger pond pumps extra filtration material may be needed.  I use 3 lingerie laundry bags filled with 15-20 nylon scrubbies (6 for $1 at the Dollar Store).  I've had very few water clarity or pump problems after using these prefilters for around 5 years.  If the water is not clear, it may be necessary to raise the pump off the bottom with a couple bricks.  I rarely have to clean the other pond filter, since the prefilter is so effective.", "I really like this bidet.  It is the first one I've ever used.  I purchased because of the good reviews. PROS:  Extremely well designed and made!  Seriously fine machining.  Fabulously packaged too.  Very fast ship.  I can attest to how simple it was to install as well.  I didn't time it, but just took minutes after I unpacked it all.  Nice long, flexible, durable hose.  Installed, it does not interfere with my sink use at all. *The biggest PRO of course is that it really works for personal hygiene and health.  Also saves on TP and is helpful with cleaning both toilet and sink.  CONS:  My biggest issue was where to place the spray head holster.  It is meant to hook on the toilet tank.  The hook works fine and is unobtrusive.  But when I had it on there, it required awkward twisting to unhook and hook.  Because of the ridged hose design I often had difficulty getting the nozzle head out and properly seated back in.  I would recommend a tiltable nozzle holder or maybe vinyl covered to make removal smoother?  I would have also liked the ability to attach to the side of my sink vanity or the wall.  That would eliminate both holster and hose length issues for me.  My bathroom is very small so the long hose was hanging down and getting caught on the wastebasket.  Maybe a selection of hose lengths?  NEUTRAL OBSERVATION:  It did take me some time to learn how to best hold the nozzle and not get water outside of toilet or on my clothing.  I still have to wipe water off of the toilet seat, etc. after every use.  Not a big issue.", "Few years ago, this knife initially came with nonadjustable rivet in the pivot area, although it did not affect its usage.  This latest iteration comes with Torx screw at the pivot to allow for adjustment while rest of the knife is still put together with rivets.  It is a lighter version of original Manix2 with full metal liners, which was rather heavy for its size.  Personally, I like this version much, much better, weighing 40% lighter than the original Manix2, without losing any of its utility.  Despite its light weight, it is built rock solid and feels great in my hands.  The caged ball bearing lock is similar in concept to Benchmade's Axis lock but feels much more taut and require more force to engage/disengage due to use of much stronger spring.  It's a matter of personal preference, like anything else.  Benchmade Axis lock generally feel smoother, yet solid.  Spyderco's ball bearing lock feels more deliberate, requiring more force to operate.  Strong detente prevents any accidental blade opening in the pocket.  I like both designs.  While the knife is light and deep carry pocket clip allows for discreet carry, it is pretty wide, which may turn some people off.  I also like the Carpenter DB1 steel; while it seems to lose extreme sharpness sooner than higher end premium steels,  it keeps the working edge for a long time and is relatively easy to resharpen.  The price will not break the bank and its light weight, solid build quality and supreme utility of its design makes it one of my favorite knives to carry on daily basis.  Highly recommended!", 'I thought I was ordering the red and black paint standard Slash but I got the Doug Adler model instead. Don\'t really care much, but I guess this should carry a "color and style may vary". I got this for my first grade son. I say I got this for him, it was his Christmas present, but in a way I really got this because I really wanted one myself too. He lets me drive it when I ask nicely. He\'s cool like that.  Anyway, so this says it is for teenagers and up. I only let my son use it with supervision and I make sure I handle all the battery charging duties. But one nice feature is the "training mode". It puts the RC vehicle at half speed, which is absolutely perfect. I haven\'t turned it to full speed yet and don\'t really care to.  What I sought most in this purchase was an RC vehicle we could take to the Oakland Hills and run around in the woods and on the trails. In the mud. Over rocks. On the grass. It does it all. We did upgrade the battery to a LiPo 2200 and it lasts the perfect amount of time for an outing. In two weeks we\'ve probably put ten actual miles on it, on some pretty tough terrain. The body is showing the signs of this love and I\'ve had to clean dirt and mud out with paintbrushes from the works but I\'m pretty satisfied with this buy.  I thought the remote control looked extremely awkward, and at first take it is. Took my son and I both about 30 seconds to get the hang of it. Not much of a learning curve, and once you get used to it you may appreciate the design as I do now.', "This expansion seems goofy, but it adds quite a bit of depth overall to the game. This isn't always a plus, however. This review is from playing it on the US version of the game.  Alvin and Dexter are basically a T-Rex and UFO that, while on the map, prevents any player from building a path through the city they occupy. Also, wherever they are at the end of the game, players who have a path to those cities suffer a point penalty...it isn't much usually but it can be enough to turn a win into a loss.  Every time you use Alvin or Dexter, you get a card to signify it. The player who used Alvin the most and Dexter the most by the end of the game gets bonus points, similar to how the longest path gets bonus points. You use them by discarding a locomotive (rainbow) card during your turn as a bonus action....the more locomotives you discard to this the further away you can move them. They then can't be moved for an entire round, meaning players can't just get rid of them on their turn if you just moved them.  The obvious strategy is to keep Alvin and Dexter away from you and in the way of your opponents, forcing them to either build all the way around them or drop locomotives in order to move them. The way it's designed is nice, since your opponents can't negate their effectiveness by simply moving them away right after you move them...they must suffer the consequences of it for a turn at least. This can cause people to pre-emptively move them just so others can't move them on their turn, which adds some mind-games to the mix.  But for us, the best part of what they did was they added a lot of value to the locomotive cards themselves. Usually when locomotive cards flip up, no one draws them, instead opting to get 2 cards instead of the 1 locomotive unless they were just 1 away from finishing a path. Alvin and Dexter changed this dramatically, as it forced people to draw them up to move them, and actually gave them incentive to move them with the bonus points as well. Suddenly people started hoarding them up a bit, as either insurance or to move them on purpose.  The negative is it adds quite a bit more things to keep track of. The game can already get hectic and hard to keep track of without these monsters running the field, and with them you're simply adding more to your plate. They alter strategies and affect the game, but if you want a simpler gaming experience, it's maybe best to keep them off the board, especially if you have beginners at the table.  Overall, for the price cost and the added depth to the game, this is hard to beat. Plus, it's wacky and yet in a way, does make sense as well. For better or worse it will affect the way you play the game, which is all you can hope for from an expansion.", "Combiner Wars Optimus Prime is part of the first wave  of  Hasbro's Combiner Wars line that included the Aerialbots minus 1 member(Airraide comes in wave 2) this been replace with Dragstrip the stunticon team from wave 2.  His a voyager size figure and his very bulky ad taller in comparison to my voyager TPBH Optimus Prime which makes him look small and skinny even though his pretty tall as a voyager and beefy. The vehicle mode is very nice and clean,  Pretty much this figure alot like the CW Motormaster in all regards except in certain aspects like the head-sculpt for both his robot mode and his torso mode to some coloring as well some mold detail been change here and there, but you can see some similarity like his arms and legs ( the core chest of there combine torso mode is also different, where for Menasor looks like Galvatrons chest from the Transformers AoE, Ultra Primes is more base to his Transformers  Energon Optimus Prime Super Mode). Transformation to his vehicles to robot to torso mode is very simple and very straight forward since pretty much is the same like CW Motormaster so everyone can jump in quick.  Accessory that it comes with are 2 gun rifles ( one been the more traditional Optimus Rifle and the other been base like in the Transformers movies) which they combine to form a long rifle which is kind silly. Interestingly enough, both rifles are molded as half of an engine block to each other that at first you could think you might be able to combine them into 1 full engine block, but sadly is not possible and i feel this is a miss opportunity. It also comes with a collectors card and as usual the issues still persist in this one, it comes with a nice artwork base on the mobile and thick like a credit card, sadly the back has the autobot logo with no stats or bio as usual.  Now here comes the part that disappointed me, since this is the same mold to Motormaster this one will have the same flaws for torso mode since they share the same engineering. Like the torso mode for Menasor, Ultra Prime' s torso mode is very bad looking in proportions, transformation is pretty much the same just open the truck cabin revealing Ultra Prime's head and flip it up, bend the legs to the sides in a mounting position and flip Optimus arms around where the ports for the combiner would end up up and your done. I understand that the target audience is for kids i really do, but again i feel that this is really bad made for such an audience and even if it was for collectors as well. The engineering and the proportion of Ultra Prime's torso mode was sacrifice heavily that is disappointing in comparison to Superion's torso mode outclass him (heck even CW hotspot torso mode for Defensor outshines both Menasor and Ultra Prime by far). There is a way to make Ultra Prime look decent, just like i did with Menasor leave the legs in his regular position flip it around from the hip move it 1 click back and compress Ultra Prime's body (using his transformation to vehicle mode) as a way to feel any gap just to try to make the torso look decent at least. Sadly the since this mold is the same as Motormaster it has the same flaw for the torso mode which is the peg post on his chest, this peg post are suppose to be use to attach legends figure like Blackjack, Thundercraker, Windcharger, ect. But since is the same mold it has the issue of that extra indentation in the peg post which needs to be sanded down or cut along the line so legends figure could tab properly and not get damage in the process.  Another issue is unlike Superion and Menasor Ultra Prime has no actual members to speak off. This means you need to borrow some members from other combiners that has extra members like example alpha bravo and offroad (this is in the assumption you have quickslinger and Breakneck) and still Ultra prime is missing 2 more to be fully complete it. Now it was confirm by Hasbro that 4 new combiner limbs are in the works and they were reveal to be Prowl, Mirrage, Sunstreaker and ironhide, this team member combine with Ultra Prime makes a reference and a nod to a classic episode of the G1 transformes which is know as the Masquerade episode. In this episode Prime, Jazz, Mirrage, Sideswipe and Windcharger camouflage themselves as the stunticons and are able to form a fake Menasor, it might not be exactly with the members (with the only 2 been Prime and Mirrage) but its a nice nod to it which is pretty cool. Always wonder how in that episode Prime would look like as  a combiner and i guess this is as close as we are getting it.  Now here is an interesting thing,  while both Menasor and Ultra Prime torso mode have the same mold, Ultra Prime feels to me more build solid than Menasor. All joints are solid and areas that need to tab will tab in place unlike my Menasor which it doesn't tab very well. I can combine all the limbs on Ultra Prime and move them around and they will remain secure. In fact, im incline to say that the mold of Motormaster was done second and that the Optimus Prime mold was done first even though Motormaster was announce first with Superion,perhaps is my copy but a lot of people has said the same thing, weird huh?.  Overall CW voyager Optimus Prime has a nice looking vehicle and robot mode as well a more solid combiner torso mode, but again it comes that its major component been a torso mode suffers from disproportions like menasor since they share molds. Still wish Hasbro would have done a better job with it like what they did with Superion and Defensor . but other than that its a good figure, not perfect but good. I recommended it but make sure to get it cheaper because this thing at $25 is not really that worth it unless you're actually desperate for it.", "Wow, wow and more wow.  When I first saw these blocks on Amazon I thought they were small and looked past them to other blocks.  I kept coming back to these because I love the shapes, colors and animals/letters on the blocks.  I saw a photo of a little girl where she had made a tower out of them and then I realized how big they are!  These blocks are really large, I'm not sure exactly how big the bag is, but it's quite large and somehow, these blocks easily fit back into that bag without a hassle.  You just have to use a little common sense, but it also comes with instructions on how to get the blocks back into the bag.  These blocks are washable, squeezable, and durable.  You could play with them for years I'm sure and still have them looking brand new.  The shapes and lettering on each block are top notch, you couldn't ask for better, the art work that was put into these blocks is 5 star and they are worth every penny!!!!  My son loves to pull them out and can easily spend an hour just pulling them out of their bag, he's 9 months.  They provide hours of fun for us and they are so portable!  You can take a couple in your diaper bag or take the whole bag!  I love these, there is no better block out there!  They also squeak and have an airhole.  It is not recommended that you immerse them in water because they could grow bacteria inside I'm sure.", 'I was on the search for another Worker Placement game and narrowed it down to this.  As usual, I played a practice game by myself to get a feel for the rules and help with teaching the game later. I wasn\'t too sure if my game group would like the game after doing this because I got this sort of  "meh" feeling. I liked the army mechanic within the game, but the rest failed to excite me. This extra board game sense I have aquired over the years could not be any more wrong.  Then came the normal mental battles of anybody who has played a good worker placement game. Frustration of being blocked out of spaces, decisions of what is more important getting the card that gives me a scroll each round or army to get cards with more points or geez I could use some more coin... Players strategically placing their numbered meeples to block others from using certain actions was cutthroat, but no less than we have played in games like Stone Age.  The unique (to us) Army mechanic was definitely the best part of the game to me and also a viable way to victory. A player only went for military and won a game. Another had a good mix of military and empire points also won a game and yet another focused only on their empire also did very well. I also thought the army mechanic rules were going to be tough to follow, but an explanation that worked well was: You can\'t retire an army that is off fighting for you and they are too tired to fight again if they already battled something this round.  Other Pros: It was easy to teach with very little fiddly rules. Scoring was also very easy to understand, the board was beautiful and yet not complicated to look at. Cards are delightful to look at and easy to understand the icons. Usually our run time limit for a game is 90minutes, each 4 player game we played took a little over an hour...perfect. The order in which things happen each round is simple to follow and there isn\'t an overwhelming amount of choices, but just enough.  The only cons I could see were were fairly minor. The cards are flimsy and I would have liked better quality material used. I found it odd that a coin is used as the round marker. Couldn\'t one of those coins on the punch sheet been designed as something different to look at for a round marker? Another player picked it up asking whose coin it was and realized right away after she did it that it was the round marker. The Empire cards seemed a bit off balance. I could care less about using the "I can place a meeple on the Get Another Meeple Space even if somebody else is there", but I needed the card to be able to add more to my empire. Whereas the next card power flipped was so much more universally useful to all players. Some kind of secret points would have been nice too. I found myself looking over at other players and adding up their points in my head during the game. Other than storing cards, not much of anything secret going on.  Overall, I would recommend this to anybody looking for a fun medium weight worker placement game.', 'I read all the reviews and was not sure this house was going to work out. I read how small and flimsy it was going to be. I have three children 10 months, 2, 4, and 6. I figured one of them would enjoy this house! Turns out it is a perfect house for the baby who will soon be one. She enjoys going in and ringing the door bell. The four year old also loves the house. It is definitely on the small side. My four year old loves it and does fit in the little seats but my 6 year old is already too big for it. It can fit two small kids inside. The table and chairs inside are very small. However, it easily fits in our playroom as well as a bedroom. I debated back and forth as to whether to buy this one or a bigger one. I am happy that I went with this small one. For around $100 it is a good purchase for a little play house for kids 3 and under in my opinion. It is very cute in person as well! Not sure how it would do outside. It seems like a playhouse for indoors or on a deck. If you are looking for a small playhouse I think this one is a hit!', "What a beast.  Nothing fit, floor panels were bent and torn.  Had to be cut away and replaced with wood.  trusses were easy but putting the roof on was a terror.  Definitely a two person job.  Instructions were in three languages at the same time, hard to follow.  There is no hardware parts list telling you the specs of each piece.  Replacement parts were impossible to figure out.  Directions were hard to follow.  Customer service was lacking at best.  Three weeks for replacement parts.  THERE IS NO WAY I WOULD PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS MAKER AGAIN!!!  Screw nibs were weak and broke off.  Heavy use of rubber mallet.  After one week, it is water-tight, so far.  I'm not quite optimistic about the reliability of this structure.  We'll see how it handles a New England snow load.  After everything I read, I took the shot.  It was on sale at the time.  While I was putting this thing together, I commented to everyone that this shed was the worst decision of 2015.  I'm standing my that statement.  I found it too bad that another company did not make a shed with the same dimensions (8x15).  I suppose we'll see if it holds up.", "My wife loves this game.  Perhaps because she won every time she played until just recently.  And who beat her?  Me!  Ill give you her tips when I tell you what to do since I employed them to secure victory, and she tried something different.  Let that be a lesson to you: never branch out.  Never try anything new, or you will suffer.  This is a drafting game.  I hesitate to tell you this since you might take your reading business elsewhere, but I only call it a drafting game because Ive heard others call it that and they sounded real authoritative, so I believed them, and as I explain youll say, of course its a drafting game- you dolt.  Anyway, this game gets me groaning at my own choices early in the game and I keep groaning throughout the game.  But don't get me wrong, I love playing the game and am thrilled when someone accepts my invite to play.  Game Play You get 7 small double-sided gorgeously illustrated boards that you use to track completion of your wonder.  There are three decks of similarly illustrated cards (one for each age.)  Youve got to fish out the cards that aren't needed for the number of players fewer than sever that are playing.  At the beginning of each age you deal out all the cards.  Each person selects a card from their hand to play then passes their hand to their neighbor.  You keep selecting (I mean, drafting) one from a new hand each round until there are only two left in the hand and the last one get discarded.  Do this twice again and the game is over.  Theres three things you can do with the drafted card:   Keep the card for yourself- if you can pay the cost- some are free- you play the card in front of you- these usually help you score points one way or another.   Discard it for money- an especially good idea if you are poor and its costing you and the card you discard is one your neighbor would like   Build a stage of your wonder- that small board in front of you has spaces for cards to slide under them that represent a stage of your wonder youve completed.  The cost you have to pay is on the board (ignore the cost on the card- try to use one your neighbor would like.)  Speaking of neighbors, it matters who you are next to.  If you don't have a resource needed to pay the cost of a card?  If you have some money, you can buy from your neighbor- and buying their doesnt keep them from using it themselves- they want you to use there because they get your money.  But you can only buy from your immediate neighbors (player on either side of you.)  Also, some of the cards give you military presence.  I use that word because you never march troops anywhere, but you get points at the end of each age if your military is more intimidating than your neighbors.  So the war-monger across the table that doesnt matter so long as you have buffer states between you.  While this strategy wasn't sound for France in World War II, it is in this game I think thats because the maker is French.  I hate to tell you what to do but My wife pointed out to- and I always listen when she points things out- that resources are available in the first two ages- these are what you use to pay the cost of cards or phases of your wonder (Incidentally, Ive never seen my wife develop any stage of her wonder.) You will kick yourself if you don't have resources to buy things late in the second and throughout third age.  The Third age could profitably be focused on getting cards that get you the most points.  Its something you can do in your head.  Hrmmm this one is worth 6 to me and that one is worth 9.  My downfall is I think , Yeah but, even though this one is only worth one, if I got another it would be worth 7!  Think Kyle, two cards to get 7 points, one card to get 6, maybe that second card will also get you 6.  Oh yeah, good call.  Theme Personally, I don't get pulled into the theme of cracking the whips that would be required to erect my wonder, despite the eye-candy artwork.  I don't even get pulled into the idea that Im making a barracks or a laboratory, all Im concerned about is the count of symbols at the top of the card.  Im very concerned about the symbols.  Balance This game the score isn't tracked through the game, though you could get a good idea about someones score by looking over their board long enough- and be annoying to the rest of the players because it takes some doing.  All that to say that you don't have an exact idea of who is winning throughout the game.  You know your neighbor is a war-monger, but you know your scientific cards can answer the points they are racking up if only you could get one more tablet!  All that to say, My wife, who nearly always wins, never felt like she was going to until everything was counted up.  Also curious about the game is resource management as it relates to balance.  While it would sure be nice to have enough resources to build some of the buildings in the last age, most are tremendously costly and you can make up for your national economies grand deficiencies not only by buying from your neighbor, but there are free upgrade paths as well.  Say you get a altar in the first age, you can get the temple in the second age for free!  Each card tells you what cards shortcut the cost of it, and what costs it will shortcut for you in the future.  Interaction Interaction is medium.  I say that because I don't think the Everyone chosen a card? counts, but maybe I need to think of introverts taking baby steps.  Towards the end of each age- leading up to the military comparison- accusations of war mongering escalate.  But I do more talking to myself and occasional barb to the person next to me taking the cards I wanted.  Sometimes I tell someone to use a science card my wife wants before they pass her the hand, but I face swift retribution.  Learning Curve Medium.  I say that because of the multiple ways of scoring points.  Until you finish and score a game it could be difficult to conceptualize how your choices will affect the score at the end.  These leads to me lamenting, Ooooh, I see that I could have won the game. How could I have been so careless?  To which my wife compassionately responds, Hindsight is always twenty/twenty.  Downtime Downtime is nominal because everyone takes turns at the same time.  The downtime happens when the person youd never take to Baskin Robins cant choose between the 8 to 2 cards in his/her hand.  I guess you deserve a little down time if you invite them to play this game with you.  Speaking of baby steps, the indecisive will never get better if they don't practice, so if you invite them, my hats off to you, but in the long run, the clerk as Baskin Robbins may thank you.  Otherwise, its a very fast moving game.  I have watched it be very difficult for someone with a 6 year old try to help them play.  That was brutal.  And don't be passing a partial hand even though you know you don't want to choose those cards.  Talk about a mess to try to straighten out.  Whats not to Like? Im a prude.  I confess.  And I took a permanent marker to a couple of the cards.  There was some of that going on in the Expansion too.  But otherwise, I really like this game.  Collateral Endorsement I have not tried to break this out for my kids.  I want to keep the cards nice.  I have been training them with other card games though.  My little two year old now waits for the dealer to be done before she picks up her hand, but I digress.  I did take this on vacation with me and was playing in the hotel lobby and a complete stranger asked if they could play.  Something about the game caught their eye, and who can blame them?  One other thought Its taken me some time to decide why Im so bad at this game.  No, it cant be because so many of my opponents are superior to me, it just cant!  I think it has to do with not being able to see the whole picture.  That is to say, I do very well playing Puerto Rico because I can see all the available options for each player and can guess what I would do if I were in their shoes and can make plans accordingly.  In this game, I see only one hand at a time.  I cant see one of my neighbors hand and know, oh, they are going to get that military card.  Or, maybe this game Ill let the science cards go since so many are going to ge gobbled up before I ever see them.  This is not a complaint, just an observation of how the mechanics work."]
['This expansion is well worth the money. The collectors edition comes in a beautifully crafted box, that safely holds and protects the product inside. The expansion is well made, and adds hours of fun on top of an already fantastic game. I actually give the product five stars, but it looses one due to Amazon.  I preordered this to be delivered on release day, as that was offered by Amazon. Unfortunately they did not deliver the game on time. I when I contacted them, they assured me they would rush ship at no cost to me, overnight. When it did not come in the next day, I called. It turns out Amazon did not have the invatory to uphold their release date delivery promise. To make matters worse, they knew the product could not be sent next day priority, so when they offerd that option they were lying.  In the end I did get my copy, and am happy with it. I wish I had done business with a brick and mortar store, and will do so from now on. I highly recommend this product, but buyer beware.  Amazon is unable to deliver in the time allotted them. I had to call them, they did not have the decency to contact me.  Do,yourself a favor, buy this game.......elsewhere.', "My 20 month old loves these! Also, imagine her shock when she discovered that they stick to our dishwasher too (aka: her magnetic canvas). I'm not at all concerned about their size (which is about the same size as her Melissa and Doug letter/number blocks) and they have nicely rounded corners. I also like that they are stained and not painted so there's no concerns of paint coming off and they come in a decent variety of colors or plain, unstained wood.  But... I have two complaints: 1. The price. Don't get me wrong, I completely understand the cost but $15 for 4 blocks seems high to me when that's ALL you get; 4 blocks. Which leads me to my second complaint... 2. They don't even have options to buy other shapes separately. You have to buy one of the larger and, of course, more expensive sets to be able to enjoy some of the other interesting shapes. From what I see (even on their website), it looks like you have to cough up at least $60 to get good variety of the pieces. I've already spent $15 so there's no way I'm doing that.  Yes, I could have bought one of the larger sets from the beginning but that's an expensive risk on a toddler who will probably lose some pieces, especially when I didn't know if she'd even like it in the first place. Even though she loves it, right now, I cannot justify it.", 'Here were the contents of my box: 1 - Ghost army deck 2 - Bear Cavalry deck 3 - Plants deck 4 - Steam Punks deck -Score-keeping tokens (5s and 1s) -New bases plus original bases printed with larger font (NOT the bigger cards like I was thinking...)  The new armies/factions are great for the game and provide quite a bit of intrigue.  -The ghost army is played in a strange manner: you are always trying to get rid of cards... it\'s a different mechanic but really fun. -The Bear Cavalry specialize in moving your minions as well as other minions around the board.  The kicker for them is that they can be used to destroy other forces when moving the troops around to bases in which you are essentially "posted up" to kill them. -The plants are a great deck that will really *grow* on you.  The have a ton of awesome cards that gain power as they are in play longer, thus simulating a plant taking root and becoming stronger.  All-around great faction. -Steam Punks revolve around playing actions in order to modify your army.  This deck has some amazing cards that can be total game-breakers if played correctly.  The other nice part about this faction is that you have many cards that allow you to reclaim discarded cards to be played two or more times... pretty great.  The new bases are all themed appropriately and are entertaining to use.  The re-print of the older bases with slightly larger fonts is nice as well.  Overall, well worth your money and I think this is a necessary addition to the original game.  I was hoping, though, that this expansion would include the larger base cards with the score-keeping path to keep track of how many minion points were on a base.  Alas, they were not included.', "I ordered this tank for my son who wanted military accessories for his Legos. The tank was easy to assemble--he only called me over when he couldn't find a piece. The set did come with all the pieces for the tank, and it stays together well. They treads do not move when you push it around. The top and gun doe  swivel if angled the right way. The motorcycle was easy to assemble until it came time to put the spoke inside the rubber wheel. What a nightmare. My son worked on it for a while until he insisted my assistance. At one point I was trying to hammer it into the rubber wheel. That didn't work. My husband then gave it a shot with the pliers. The spoke would not go into the wheel. Finally as my last resort, I heated the wheel in the microwave. I heated it for 15 to 20 seconds at the time attempting to work the inside into the wheel after each heating. With the aid of a pair of pliers I was finally able to get the inside into the wheel which was more pliable because of the heating. Once the wheels were assembled, the popped right into the assembled motorcycle. However, they do not roll freely. The front wheel spins for freely than the back wheel, but even it won't roll freely when the motorcycle is rolled on a surface. I don't know whether the failure to roll is due to all the manipulating we had to do to get the wheels assembled or because of construction. In any case, it's not a big deal because the tanks don't roll either, and once assembled the motorcycle stays assembled. My son seems pleased with the set.", 'I am not a professional by any means. I am a hobbyist when it comes to professional grade art supplies,so I am going to be honest. I have watched so many YouTube vids about Copics and Touch5 markers and Ciaos; as much as I would like their extensive set of various shades my purse was not having it, so I looked around and found Ohuhu. They are alcohol based which means they will blend really well and won\'t bleed(very much).  I purchased the 40 pack (they are randomized), so it is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you\'re going to get. BUT it does come with a wide range of shades for most colors. I used about 3/4 of my set to color the 2 pics attached. This is my first time actually sitting down to use them and I really like them.  The only "bad" things I have to say is that the one flesh toned marker that I got was a little dry when I opened it (which has happened to some others that have reviewed these markers), so I knew going in it was going to be hit or miss. Still kind of upset it had to be my one flesh tone though. (That is the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5). And one other thing is that the label on a couple markers is smeared (you can see in pic), it\'s still legible so I am not too beat up about it. The markers do have a thick chisel tip and a fine tip on either end. These are not brush tips, but the fine tip works ok for small details anyways. (The pics attached are tiny drawings.  Other than that, these markers are a great alternative to the more expensive alcohol based markers out there especially for as many as you get. It also comes in a very heavy duty canvas zipper bag which it great for storage. I would suggest a heavier grade paper though, it will eat up thin computer paper (but that\'s all alcohol markers). I used a watercolor paper because it was all I had on hand and it worked just fine.  I know I will be purchasing the 80 Ct from Ohuhu in the future for sure!', 'Being a huge Bobba Fett fan for many years. However, over the lifespan of this figure in action figure form I have been rather disappointed. Most of the 3.75 figures made by Hasbro over the years seemed to have some design flaw, that made me either pass by buying the figure. or very disappointed when I received it. In the past, my biggest gripes were the lack of articulation. When I saw this figure from Revoltech I knew this figure would deliver in this department and it definitely does.  Good: Articulation- Like I mentioned before, I have always been in the market for a very articulated Bobba figure, and I knew Revoltech would deliver. This figure has Revoltech trademark ball joints all over the place that gives this figure a vast range of movement. There are double Revoltech joints on the neck and head (yes they are underneath the helmet and his neck sleeve, VERY COOL!) and both of his shoulders. I really like this feature on the head because it allows you to get some very life like head poses like leaning the head forward while looking up which adds some great realism to poses like taking aim with his blaster rifle. These double joints allow for some goo range of movement on the shoulders as well. This figure has single Revoltech on the waist (torso) both wrists, both elbows, both legs, both knees, both ankles, and even on both of his pouches on his belt. The range of articulation on this guy is top notch. In addition his Range finder on his helmet is articulated (just a simple swivel joint). The cape and Wookie braids on his shoulders, and the pistol holster on his belt. are made of a softer plastic which ensures they don\'t inhibit the articulation or posing.  Accessories: This figure comes with his 2 weapons: blaster rifle and blaster pistol. Both are painted, scultped and detailed well. This pistol fits in the holster every well with relative ease, and due to the soft plastic of the holster the risk of paint rub is greatly minimized. The stock on the blaster rifle is articulated in a way that you can better expose the pistol grip when putting it in the figures hands, which is awesome!. This figures comes with 3 sets of hands ( fist hands, trigger hands, open/ cradling hands).All of these hands are very easy to swap out, and the trigger hands hold the weapons very securely. The jetpack is removable. The belt piece is removable if you take him apart at the waist.  In addition this figure comes with display stand components, but no base piece which is weird.  Sculpt/ Paint/ Detail: This figure is beautiful. It should be noted that Revoltech, makes slightly stylized versions of the characters they depict in the action figure form, so even though this isn\'t a "Hot Toys-esque" life like representation of Bobba, it is is still beautiful. The paint and detail on the figure is flawless. The sculpted detail on this figure really brings it to life.  Not so Good:  It bugs me that you can\'t sling his rifle. The MAFEX figure of Bobba has a rifle sling, I wish this one had it as well.  For the price point, it would have been nice to have a few more accessories. Out of the all the Revoltech figures I have purchased, this one was the lightest in this regards. Some jet boost attachments for his jetpack, blast effects for his guns, or a flame attachment for his flamethrower would have really knocked it out of the park. In addition, this figure stand is missing the most key component: the base of the stand itself, I don\'t understand why this wasn\'t included.  While the articulation is great on this figure, it does take away from the realism of it. To be fair, this comes with the territory, when it comes to Revoltech figures in general. Overall I think the design does a pretty good job at masking the articulation (in regards to some of the other Revoltechs I have), but I think some improvements could have been made. The shoulders is where this is the most showing. In certain poses it looks like, parts of Bobba\'s shoulders are missing due to the Revoltech joints and design. I thinke they could have better used the shoulder pads to mask this, but oh well.  NOTE: For those not familiar with the Revoltech brand, all of their figures (this one included) are built around their trademarked Revoltech Joint. The Revoltech joint is a a ball joint, consisting of two half spheres that snap together with a peg attached to each end. In some cases 2 of these joints are joined together by a peg, which are double Revoltech joints. People either love these or hate these, and your feelings in regards to this ussually is the determining factor in buying one of these figures. These joints are tight and click or "ratchet" into place, and are not free-floating like a lot of ball joints or swivel joints found on other figures. I personally love these joints because they are sturdy, and easy to repair if they come apart, in addition to not losing their tightness over time. The only difficulty is when posing you have to kind play a game between adjusting the positions of different joints in regards to the other when trying achieve complex poses like cradling a rifle. It is sometimes  time consuming but once you have it adjusted right the pose is solid and locked in. For me, it is worth the patience.  Summary: I love this figure. I think it knocks the Hasbro black series 1:12 scale (same scale as this figure) out of the water. For any Bobba Fett fan this is a cool addition to any collection, and for a Bobba figure collector it is a defenite must. I am so happy that I was able to pick up a Bobba Fett figure that captures the awesomeness of this character so well.', "This is an expansion to Dominion or Dominion: Intrigue and you must have one of them to be able to play this. I have the base set of the game but not Intrigue. I have played about 5 games of Seaside so far and enjoy the difference in game play.  Differences between Dominion and Dominion: Seaside:  Duration cards: There are cards in this expansion that last more than one turn. Yes this can get confusing and does make the play more interesting. I found that I really liked this new aspect of the game.  The embargo card: This card allows you to place an embargo token on any stack of cards after which when someone buys one they will be given a curse card. I thought this was an interesting addition to the game but didn't see it get used as much as I would have expected.  Pirates card: this card lets you place coins on a mat. Once you have coins on the mat and the pirate card comes up you can choose to get more coins or to add the value of the coins to your treasure cards. This is a good way to build treasure and buy victory points.  Island victory card: This is an action + victory card that has a mat with it. It allows you to set aside a card onto the mat when you play the Island card they are added back into your deck at the end of the game. I thought this was going to be a much better card than it ended up being.  The Native Village card: This also has a mat that lets you set aside a card or pick up the cards on the mat. I found this handy and was using it to get victory cards out of my deck but the random and unpredictable manner in which you put them down doesn't always make this possible.  So this expansion adds embargo tokens, coins, and mats which are in addition to the cards themselves. I like the expansion but I'm not sure how much tokens, coins, and mats add to the game. I ended up liking the new types of cards more than I liked the addition of non-cards. Over all I liked the expansion and would recommend it to others.", 'These are great, and we got them at a very reasonable price (about $6.50 when I bought them).  Note they are a little smaller than many play figurines (roughly 2.5 to 3.5 inches tall).  That is not a problem -- indeed, it has some serious benefits (they take up less room, smaller for travel, etc.)  But it is worth being aware of if you are thinking about combining these with characters from other Frozen playsets made by other companies.  I wanted to buy some Disney characters before a trip to Disney World (and then we stay out of the gift shops once there; more time for rides :-)  I bought these after checking out the (vastly more expensive) alternatives.  Indeed, even used on ebay, used Disney characters in passable shape seem to start at about $1.50 each (plus shipping; vs. this for about the same price, without shipping.)  Note that Beverly Hills Teddy Bear Company also has larger sets of Disney characters, so do a search on Amazon for "Beverly Hills Teddy Bear" and "Disney" to see the full range of options before you buy, since some of the characters in the different sets overlap.  Some of the reviewers said the paint was sloppy on their figures.  Ours were not absolutely perfect, it is true; however, they were pretty impressive for their price point I would never had noticed if the other reviewers hadn\'t pointed it out.  It was not anything our kids would ever care about.  As collector items, these might be a disappointment.  But, unless the sets substantially differ from the quality of ours (which is always possible), it would be the rare kid who would be unhappy about the quality of the figures we received.  P.S. If your kids really like playing with these types of figurines, buy these, and then do a search for Schleich figurines (fairies, kings, queens, knights pirates, etc.) and Safari LTD figures (which has some of those, along with some stunning wild animal and ranch figures, too).  They are quite a bit more expensive, a bit bigger, and beautifully made (in other words, they are way nicer than these, but they also 4x or more expensive per figure; as such, I view all of them as being worthy of "5 stars" given the impressive price-to-play value ratio of each.)  I do believe there is real educational value to having unbranded figures dominating a play figurine mix (i.e. not just "Frozen" characters, but also generic "winter fairies") as it greatly enhances the range of non-linear play opportunities and unique storylines a child might be inspired to create with their dolls.  In our house, the Safari LTD & Schleich figures have gotten FAR more play than any other toys we own, and it has been for the very most emotionally and intellectually valuable type of childhood play possible.  It is a true joy to watch!', "My first mSR was an experience in frustration. It flew erratically, hovered poorly and darted backwards at incredible speed. Trimming it out was impossible even though the dual rate was set at beginner; anyone in the room with it was at risk. The mSR made a screeching growl as it flew and needed full forward trim with the forward control pressed to its limit in order to launch. The reviews and my experience didn't match up so after a few weeks of trying to get used to the controls it was returned. The replacement was very different. It hovered right out of the box, requiring very little trimming. Considering its feather weight it moved around with good control. It is much quieter than its replacement and can be landed consistently on a snack tray. I can now give a good review on this popular single rotor micro.  I have several coaxial toy helicopters and as reported, is quite different other than the basics. Coaxials are so stable in comparison that learning to fly the micro Blade is a bit like starting over. Simply put, imagine a pingpong ball atop a wave. The mSR is so light that it follows its own turbulence. Take your hands from the controls and if there are no objects in the radius of the washing effect the mSR will settle into a reasonably stationary hover. When maneuvering, sliding left/right or backwards produces very quick movement, even in the low rate setting. Forward locomotion is very similar to the coaxial counterpart if not slower. In other words, the mSR in the low rate is still quite quick and nimble and if not prepared, will get into trouble in all directions but forward. What is perhaps the least desirable aspect of the mSR is the way it launches. Unlike a coaxial, it will not rise straight up. Invariably, it moves a distance left or right. My guess is that it again is being buffeted by its own turbulence. The heavier coaxials with counter rotating blades that act as stabilizing gyros and the overall weight produces mass to overcome this. Perhaps that is the reason the demos show the mSR being launched by hand. You need to forget how easy the coaxial helicopters are to fly and resolve to deal with a new learning curve if you are to enjoy this little humming bird.  I have experienced the beginnings of coordinating a sideways slide with a turn to produce a nose down pitch and turn pirouette style maneuver. This is completely different from any coaxial capability and of course very rewarding and addictive. This I suppose is the definition of the 3D maneuvering capabilities and what draws someone into the more expensive 3 dimensional helicopters. At any rate, this is what has happened to me. My five star rating ignores the relative crudeness and focuses on the value and gratitude to E-flite for offering such an affordable, effective and durable product for the transition. The mSR endures crashes simply because it weighs next to nothing. It is like crashing a feather. Had I rated the mSR on my first experience it would be one or at best two stars. I was unlucky to have gotten a faulty first unit. Now I'm a die hard fan. The simple MLP4DSM control is an excellent value and can be used on their other Bind N Fly helicopters. My eye is now on the 120 SR; a heavier / larger helicopter that can be flown inside and out and has all the same function of its little sibling.  The fit and form of the mSR isn't impressive because it is all business and ignores the coaxial bling race. It has one blue LED to let you know it is active. The canopy is at minimal thickness held on with friction fasteners all made for lightness. Removing and installing the battery each time you fly isn't convenient but once again is simple practicality. The overriding aspect is that every part for the mSR can be purchased, even the screws. It has a large stable following and is THE step one can affordably take from the toy helicopter society into the 3D RC helicopter hobby. It departs radically from the stable flight characteristics of the coaxial (other than hovering) but supplants that change with very rewarding maneuvering capabilities. It is only natural to initially fly the mSR like a coaxial. The result is to complain about the inherent instability during maneuvers but once the controls become extensions of your nervous system, the bird flies from brain waves. What started out as a disappointment has turned into an addiction.", 'Our daughter is really into stuffed pigs.  Among other things, we got her Princess Peppa the Pig for her birthday.  It was love at first sight.  Our daughter is 9 years old and still loves to play make-believe.  She makes Peppa talk and loves to play with her (Peppa says "What?  I DO talk!").  Peppa is a very cute pig with her big nose and her fairy wings and wand.  She flies all over the place in our house.  In terms of durability, Peppa traveled with us all the way to Canada on a recent family vacation and she is still very well intact.  She rode in ferries, planes, boats, buses, cars, and subways.  For educational value, I gave it a 4 due to the imagination of our daughter.  If you have an imaginative child, any toy can be educational.  Our daughter has never seen the show that features Peppa (although we have) but she is drawn to her.  We love this toy because our daughter loves it.  My only comment is that our Peppa does not have those rosy cheek circles that are featured in the picture.  It is not a complaint as it does not take away from Peppa\'s charm, just a comment.  A resoundingly emphatic 5 stars for Princess Peppa the Pig!', 'At first I was terrified that my four year old would say, "this isn\'t the real castle. " This castle is so tall.  It is not for carrying around.  It is made out of wood and has furniture made out of wood.  If you get hit with this furniture it will hurt; you\'ll break first.  She loves it!  We bought the monster high school and it is equivalent to the Disney Frozen Castle; flimsy plastic and cardboard.  I doubt she will be destroying this for a long time. This castle was so awesome and she "loves it." This is the playhouse you wanted when you were a kid;  something sturdy.  She also got the Disney look and find book for Frozen and on the page with Elsa\'s castle is like a mirror image.  She held the book up and said, "look mommy, same color!" I noticed the color and exact shapes as the book!  My husband really knows what is best!  I would exchange the flimsy plastic and cardboard for this castle if I had bought the other; together this doesn\'t hold a candle to Disney. Well worth it; and she\'s so happy with it!', "Neat.  DC Comics Multiverse creates another collection for hardcore DC fans. Nothing is more hardcore for DC fans than Frank Miller's epic Dark Knight Returns series. The DC Comics Elseworlds story of a Batman returning from a forced retirement to take on crime in his city. There are a multitude of compliments given for this story, that its an epic Western set in modern times with costumes and masks. Whatever you like to describe it, it works, its been working for thirty years. With two sequels, an animated film and hundreds of references in the main DC Comics Universe, DC Films, in particular DC's newest Extended Film Universe with Dawn of Justice.  This action figure comes from the epic finale where Batman is forced to fight Superman in a battle to the death and the honor to defend the right to fight. The figure looks awesome, it practically jumps from the pages of Lynn Varley's artwork, down to that mean scowl. Standing at a 7 inches, its believable to think that this belongs with the Mattel DC Universe Classics/DC Comics Multiverse action figure lineup. The detail is great, with magnificent detail on the armor. The figure is all solid plastic, with softer areas under the boots, the torso chest piece and the flowing cape. The articulation is also pretty cool, but there is no ab crunch. Still the arms, legs and head can move nicely.  The figure has only one accessory, the sonic pistol that he used against Superman. I really wish this included an alternate head so as we can see him as the older Bruce Wayne - especially when recreating the epic finale of the story. Being a Collect and Connect lineup figure it comes with Doomsday's head and lower torso.", 'This is a great doll, and she is poseable. I was very excited to get her, because I wanted to collect all four of the dolls. Unfortunately, when I received her in the mail, there was no stand in the box. The main reason this upset me was that I was expecting one to be included, because every other raincoat doll came with one. So most likely, the others should have a stand.   This doll also has very great details. She has "mud" on her boots, and drawstrings on her raincoat. Her raincoat is also made of actual raincoat material. She has no shirt under her raincoat, but at least this makes her raincoat look more natural. Her blue jeans have pockets and can be taken off. Her hair is plastic and it shows each strand, and she even has her little firefly barrette. She has freckles under her eyes and you can change her eye position if you take her face off.   I couldn\'t manage to get her face off, and I didn\'t want to force it off because I was afraid I would break her neck. Her nose is sort of pointy, so the paint on it can rub off easily. Her hands and feet can pop on and off, which makes it easier to twist the hand around and change its positioning.   Her arms and legs are made out of iron thread, which makes her bendable. However, if you bend her too much they could snap off. She also has little holes on her back side where common joints would be (elbows and knees), which make it safer and easier to bend. Her facial expression is different from the picture shown, though I like the dolls expression much more than the one in the picture.   Over all, I think this is a great doll and I really like her. I recommend her for ages 10 and older, because she is sort of fragile. I think she was worth her price and I would definitely buy the other 3.', 'This is just a striking HG Gundam. It has a lot of awesomely jarring colors: light blue, blue-gray, pink sparkle, red... But it looks pretty neat.  I haven\'t had any issues with parts falling off other than the Gundam crest when losing the head, which happens with several HG Gundams.  Even my wife admits this is a pretty sweet Gundam. And that\'s the best recommendation of all.  So technical stuff: I would NOT recommend this as a first or second Gunpla.  This is a complicated build for an HG, as most of the build fighters are.  It really bridges the gap between HG and RG.  No skeletal frame and fewer stickers than RG kits but with more pieces and runners than an average HG kit.  This kit in particular has a lot of fun accessories.  You have a few different set up styles with this kit.  I enjoy the wing setup, but there is a burning setup and a punch or kick action setup as well.  I STRONGLY RECOMMEND getting a "Bandai Hobby HGBC 000 Build Custom GP Base".  Basically the custom base kits for Build Fighter gundams.  A standard 1/144 base will NOT fit well.  It sticks out too much front and back and will hit the waist skirt, causing the back waist skirt to stick up slightly.  The movement on this Gundam is very good for an HG.  Legs can be raised very high for some cool kicking action. The legs and arms are very secure, as is the waist area.  It doesn\'t come apart easily.  The only couple of touchy areas are the head crest (always - EVERY Gundam from HG to SG to MG has that dang Gundam crest that just loves to come off when adjusting the head! Grrrr... lol).  The wings, wrist swords, burn effects, and pony tails all stay affixed nicely.  They are made from a very soft, flexible plastic which is very easy to work with.  One area that was a pain: the two large leg pieces that fit together with the rectangular PC piece (soft rubberized plastic) with the rectangular hole in the middle are really fussy.  I recommend shaving the pieces (from the PC runner) on the round ends slightly (making it more cone shaped and less cylindrical) so they fit better into the plastic leg molds.  If you try and push them in, the round piece squishes and won\'t take one or the other side.  Then when you put the ankle or upper leg piece in, it causes the leg piece to try and separate.  You\'ll know the step when you get there.  I\'ll notate the exact pieces in this review asap.  I also recommend against using some of the stickers for the leg and shoulder pieces.  Those areas look better with panel lining in my opinion.  The white stickers do look nice though, so use those.  And speaking of panel lining... I used gray for the light blue/gray pieces, and it looks... alright (see photos), but I would probably use black if I did this again.  The gray works great for the white pieces and light pink pieces.  SO right now this is my favorite HG of all (that I have assembled).  All of the colors pop nicely and look great with sanding.  I didn\'t even top coat it and it is still stunning.  I have a few other HG models to assemble and then I will give an update ranking.  I have the Norn Banshee, Astray Amatu and Fenice Reascita... so we\'ll see...  Build time: 5 hours with sanding and panel lining. Difficulty: 3 out of 5 (5 out of 5 compared to other HG models). Build fun: 5 out of 5 (super fun!) Mobility: 3 out of 5 (4 out of 5 compared to other HG models). Accessories: 5 out of 5 (so many style options!) Value: 5 out of 5 ($20 on Amazon with Prime shipping) Overall appearance: 5 out of 5  This is one super slick HG Gundam.  Sad that Bandai is releasing an upcoming barrage of horribly ugly, boring Gundam kits (late 2016 and early 2017).  I want more like this!  Highly recommended! =^.^=', 'One of my very favorite board games! Since there are lots of reviews about this game in general, I\'ll write mine in comparison to the original "America" one.  "Ticket to Ride: Europe" is a stand-alone, full board game made of the same quality and durability as the original. The train pieces are plastic, the point markers are wood, and the board is heavy-duty and the same dimensions as the America one. The biggest improvement over the America version is that the train and ticket cards are all full-size instead of mini half-size of the original America version, so you don\'t need to buy an expansion simply to get larger, easier-to-handle cards.  In many ways, "Europe" feels much more balanced than the America version, with more double paths and more tracks in general to get to different cities, where in the America version you could get blocked much easier. Also in the Europe version, the long 20-point routes are separated at the start and each player is randomly dealt 1 along with 3 other short/normal sized routes to choose from. This ensures that every player has the chance to complete a large cross-continent route, which was often the winning strategy of the America board - but only if you happened to of had a long route dealt to you at the start. The inclusion of the new station markers allows you to utilize one of your opponents route segments so you can finish a ticket without building parts of the route. This is really useful in crowded areas of the board where you are unable to build a route.  However, don\'t let these things fool you - there are other elements that increase the difficulty (and entertainment) of "Ticket to Ride: Europe".  There are a few routes that are MUCH longer than any routes in the America version that take much more effort to complete. "Ferries" and "tunnels" make even short routes trickier to build:  ferries require you to use a certain amount of rainbow locomotive cards to complete while tunnels may require extra cards from your hand depending on a random draw from the deck. These elements can keep even the best strategist in check and allow less experienced players to have a chance at winning.  I personally also enjoy that the cities on the board are given their historical local names rather than their Americanized names, so the game acts as a bit of a geography lesson for those unfamiliar with Europe.  I\'m still a fan of the original America version; it has its own quirks and balance so I can\'t say I prefer one over the other. If you enjoy the Ticket to Ride series and would like to buy some of the expansion boards (like the "Asia" or "Africa" boards) but don\'t own either base set, I might recommend the Europe game over the America one just because of the full-size train and ticket cards.', "I was so excited when we received this baby doll! We searched everywhere for a brown eyed Hispanic looking doll and we finally found a pretty one! She was a little smaller than I would have liked but was super adorable with her blinking eyes and pretty face! The reason I gave her only 1 star was because she smells sooooo bad! I don't recall reading anything about her having a scent, although had I read that I would have assumed she would smell like baby powder like most other dolls, she smells more like granny perfume. The smell is so strong I can't even stand when my daughter brings her around for me to hug and kiss. Super disappointed about her scent because it totally ruined the doll for me. Had it smelled like baby powder or nothing at all I would have given her all five stars. I wish I didn't spend $30 dollars for this awful smelling doll! UPDATE!: Her head fell off not even one year later, so bad that its not even fixable. Im 30 years old and still have dolls from when I was little that are in better condition! Worst doll ever! I wish I could get a refund! Dont waste your time or money!", 'So, first of all, I have to say that I\'m old enough to remember when trading cards were something you got at 7-11 for a dime a pack, and you got some really hard bubble gum with them.  I can remember blowing a dollar (4 week\'s allowance) on ten packs of cards, looking for that elusive Roger Staubach card, and tearing each pack open with high expectations, only to get a bunch of stuff I already had.  So believe me, I know what it means to get a random bundle of trading cards.  It appears that there are about 20 companies selling these sets through Amazon, and I\'m guessing from the reviews that some are better than others.  My experience was with 320G.  So, let me first comment on some other reviews.  To many of you, all I can say is:"RTFD", or, Read the Freaking Description, to put it politely.  It CLEARLY says that you will get cards from Beta to Morradin Beseiged, and if you\'re up on things like that, it means the odds are against you receiving any Standard Format-legal cards.  It says mint or near mint condition, so obiously worn or damaged cards should be returned.  It also says no commons, foreign cards, or foils, so if you did get some of these, I hope you complained to the seller.  It doesn\'t say no duplicates, it doesn\'t advertise a mix of colors or that any of the cards will be useful to you.  There is also no promise that the value of the individual cards will excede the selling price (although at $0.10 a card, I think you get a good value no matter what).  You get what you get and you don\'t get upset.  Again, though, if you got a large number of duplicates, especially those of you who got octuplets or septuplets, I would complain to the seller.  There is no obligation, but any reputable business wants its customers to be satisfied.  So, I got 99 cards, no more than 2 of any one card, and only 6 sets of dupes.  All were mint or near mint condition.  The kicker on mine was only ONE rare card in the whole set.  So, to keep to my own standards, no one promised 10% rares.  Still, I think that\'s a little outside the range of acceptable.  So, I will be contacting the seller to see what he will do to make that right.  Even so, I think this is a pretty good deal  and will probably do it again.', "I purchased this starter kit for my 8 year old daughter as a Christmas gift, since it was on her wish list. I had watched several toy review videos and was already expecting to have issues with the pen jamming, so I let my daughter know this beforehand. I will admit to being pretty skeptical about this toy after reading some of the reviews and watching the review videos, but my daughter loves crafting so I caved and made the purchase.  She was prepared for the pen tool to jam, but tried it anyway. She was actually able to figure out a way to easily un-jam the pen tool with this little tap/shake motion. It worked like a charm, so she still insists on using the pen tool. I do wish that there were enough pods for all of the colors, but for now we just keep the extra beados in small zipper bags for safekeeping.  I will add that my daughter is a bit of a do it yourself-er and she insisted on creating things on her own (outside of the templates) and she became frustrated when the things she created freehand did not set or hold once sprayed with water and allowed to dry. Most of this due to the fact that she did not understand the concept of the need for the beads to touch other surrounding beads for support. When using the templates and the bead tray there is a bit more success with having it stick together, but most things take several applications of water and dry time before setting completely. For the younger kids this toy would be difficult to entertain with, as most younger kids that want instant gratification. Unfortunately the wait for things to dry is pretty long, especially when multiple sprays are needed. If your child doesn't mind the wait, then this toy will be a hit, as it is with my daughter.  What's included in the kit: Pod Pen Tool 4 Pods 400 Beados Spray Bottle Plastic Bead Tray Paper Templates  I purchased this product at full price as a gift for my daughter. I was not compensated in any way for this review. All opinions expressed here are my own and based on my personal experience with the product.", 'My daughter received the "Glow in the Dark Bendaroos - 300 Piece Set" for Christmas when she was 4 years old. She is now 6 years old, and she continues to go back to this toy over and over again. Now that she\'s used up some of the colors from that first set, I bought the "Bendaroos Glow In The Dark 500-Piece Mega Pack" to keep her supplied with a range of colors.  Only some of the colors are meant to glow in the dark, and of those, the lighter colors glow best. I don\'t put too much stake in the product\'s ability to glow in the dark - it\'s more like a bonus feature for me, and I really don\'t care if they glow or not. But, my daughter says she likes the way they glow in the dark because she likes to play with them in bed at night, and when I agreed to buy her new Bendaroos, she specifically asked for glow-in-the-dark ones.  My daughter can play with these for at least 20-30 minutes at a time, so they\'re good for keeping her occupied and quiet.  She sometimes tries to copy the suggested designs, but usually she uses her imagination and creates her own sculptures and art work. She does have trouble when she tries to follow the design instructions, but I don\'t hold that against the product because I really mostly value it for the way it encourages her to use her imagination.  My daughter\'s bedroom is wallpapered, and she likes to stick her designs onto her walls. They really do stick and will stay put! At the same time, when they do come down (by choice or by eventually falling down), they don\'t seem to leave any discoloration or residue on the walls, so I\'m happy.  I would suggest using the Bendaroos in rooms with flooring, not carpeting, because their stickiness does pick up a lot of dirt and hair. Every now and then I will find a discarded, crumpled up Bendaroo on my daughter\'s bedroom floor, and it\'s pretty gross.  As long as unused pieces are returned to their plastic bags so they don\'t pick up dirt, they can be used over and over again, which I love. Their stickiness does not seem to wear off as long as you smoosh them around a bit. Whatever the stickiness is does come off on your hands, though, so you\'ll want to wash your hands after playing with them.', "The Disgaea series is pretty much the only SRPG series that i like. I was never too fond of SRPG's and then i played Disgaea 1 which got me hooked. Still these games, as you should know, can consume 100's of hours of your life. The insane amount of levels you could get(not only your character but items as well!) was what hooked me but theres so much more to do and each addition to the series keeps adding even more! I would say the 3rd one(this one) has the best gameplay. In terms of characters though i would rank it after Disgaea 1 but better than 2's. The story is alright(somewhat short though) with some neat twists, and the characters voice actors do a good job in my opinion. The graphics are the same as the first two, but Disgaea 4 NIS said will have better graphics. Though i hope its keeps the same charm it has always had. If the graphics discourage from getting this don't let it!! The grinding of levels gets annoying sometimes but i always come back after taking an 1-2 week break. If you like trophy's this game got a patch to include trophies it now has a whole ton of them to earn. So to recap if you like SRPG's,funny wacky stories,funny characters(prinnys!), and a great bang for your buck you should give this a try! I personally cant wait till Disgaea 4 hits to see what insane new additions will be added."]
['I will be breaking down a few of the main features people look for in researching the best mouse they should invest their money in. These will include the comfort, performance, and materials used in manufacturing and how they have lasted after extended use (I have used my SS Rival for about 10 months). Let\'s get into it shall we...  First, let\'s talk about the performance of this mouse. Outstanding, to put it into a one word answer. This mouse, even after months of use, is still performing top-notch as it did out of the box when it first arrived on my doorstep. The tracking is something to smile over, and the responsiveness and precision is spot on with what you would expect in a gaming mouse. No problems or complaints whatsoever on this aspect of the mouse.  Now the materials. The material used on the mouse is also nice, but can leave behind some sweat stains after extended use. The rubber grip on the side, particularly where my thumb sits (and sweats) has been reduced to a smooth worn down remnant of what it once, and now gets "gummy" and liquified after long play sessions. However, to fix this issue, I just put a piece of black electrical tape over it, and boom, problem solved.  Doesn\'t look pretty, but hey, I can\'t complain. The ghetto-rigged electrical tape and sweat stains are a sign of the bondage we\'ve amassed through our times together, like a grizzled warrior and his trusty sword.  The mouse is very comfortable. I have large hands, and I use a claw-ish fingertip grip. Palm grip users should be comfortable using this mouse too, and as for fingertip grip, if your hands are larger than 7 inches in length, go for it. There may be a grace period of getting used to it, like when you buy a new car, it takes a little bit to accustom yourself to the feel of it. This mouse has daily driver comfort all over it.  A few more things before I wrap up, the SteelSeries switches used for the LMB and RMB are awesome. They are not easily pressed, and require some force to actuate, but are not too hard to press, and I love them. The side button placement could be better, to say the least, depending on your grip and hand size of course. Needless to say they do feel good to press, and actuation is quick and responsive.  All in all, 5 stars. Yes, the materials start to wear down after some use, but my rating is all about performance. Not only has this mouse performed excellent with tracking and precision on day one, but after months and months and months of use, there have been no issues hindering its performance, and no parts have fallen off. In my mind, this is what makes a great mouse. After this one goes, and I shed a tear, and lay it to rest, I will be buying yet another SS Rival.', "I had to rate this product 3 out of 5 because it really wasn't and isn't all that great. The seller did ship it in a timely fashion and I loved how the packaging came in the box, it was professional air sealed in its own plastic bag.  The controller itself had the activate button on your middle right finger on the back. See they don't show you any pictures of that because it's a bit weird.  I have a few complaints and I hope you'll reconsider buying this product on an impulse based on its pricing. The price is very low compared to others but the preformanxe needs improving.  When you activate the contrle met LED light flashes super fast! I mean almost uncontrollably fast, so having 27 mods is ridiculous and stupid! I play ghosts with it and that's it. The only mods I use is #3,8,11,and 14.  When you try to shut off the mod portion of the controller by following the instructions it says holding the activate button down until the 4th LED light goes out, it's off but that's a lie. You have to hold it down once the light turns off for over 4 sec. If you do it too short it'll cycle it back on and if you hold it too long it'll still cycle back on.  The rapid fire part isn't as fast as my other rapid fire controller I bought from someone else. This is my 3rd rapid controller I've bought and it's the 2nd best I've had. Please consider all the most recent reviews on this product before buying, based on its performance I just know I'll never buy from this seller again.", "I picked this game up about a year ago, having never seen the movie. I did not know what to expect. What I got though, was a completely thought provoking, psychologicially challenging, intuitive, breathtaking and mezmorizing game that left me clutched to my computer for days. The story is unlike any other. It follows the locations of the movie, and if you have seen it, you'll recognize many of the scenes. Cut scenes in games usually are a let down; here, they excell. The gameplay never dips, unless you get stuck and are pulling your hair out trying to figure out what to do next. But that is how murder mysteries are supposed to be. This isn't a game that you will finish in 3 hours. Heck, when I play it over, it still takes me awhile. The main drawing point to this game is the numerous paths that you can take. It is an adventure game in REAL time. So if you are lolly-gagging around in one area for a long time just doing nothing, you'll miss something later and the game will change. You can ALWAYS beat the game, but the path you take is what makes the game so outstanding. Are you a good guy? A Bad guy? Who are you? It all depends on the decisions that you make and the people/replicants that you enteract with. If you are a hardcore adventure gamer and don't have this one, you should be ashamed. As for everyone else, you are without excuse as well. Buy it now.", "Today is a day I have waited a long time for, the day my Xbox One is no longer the size of a VCR from 1989.  Compared with the original Xbox One, we have a few key differences. Most good, but not all.  Pros vs. Original Xbox One: [+] 40% smaller! And yes, the difference is very noticeable (see my comparison pictures) [+] 4K output. Not as big of a deal to most people as 4K adoption is not huge yet, and it's only really for video/Blu-ray (games are upscaled) [+] The side USB port has been moved from the left side to the front, which is great for space saving (if another device is to the left) and less damaging if someone trips over the USB cable. [+] No gloss finish. They did get rid of the gloss in a minor pre-S refresh, but I'm happy to see it is completely gone. As always, glossy finishes look great on day one but do NOT age well (easily scuffed and scratched). [+] Built-in power supply. To me, this is HUGE (reverse pun intended). The old power supply added an unreasonable amount of heft to the already oversized console. It is especially great if you like to pack and travel with your Xbox since that's one less brick to carry around, and makes it much easier and cheaper to have spare 'travel' power cables so you don't have to remove your main cables when traveling. [+] Hardware upgrade. In addition to the 4K hardware upgrade (HDMI 1.4 vs HDMI 2.0), there is more processing power available for HDR, though to be honest I'm not sure how much I care about that. The real hardware upgrade won't be until Project Scorpio in 2017. [*] Higher capacity. You can now choose from models ranging from 500GB to 2TB! I definitely recommend no less than 1TB considering how quickly these games eat up hard drive space. I'm not a fan of cluttering up my area with external USB hard drives, so the extra internal space of the 2TB version was a huge selling point to upgrade.  Cons vs. Original Xbox One: [-] As of launch, only available in white. Don't get me wrong, the white looks beautiful, but you can't go wrong with additional color choices. In my case, white matching NOTHING else in my home theater setup, so I would have preferred to stick with black. I'm sure that will come soon though. [-] No elite version (yet), which means no hybrid SSD available for faster load times. Elite controller still works great though. [-] Does not offer any option of a bundled Kinect, though it has been clear for awhile that Kinect support has been dwindling. [-] Does not include a headset, not even a cheapy earbud-style one. [-] Kinect users *raises own hand* effectively lost a USB port. They removed the Kinect-specific port, so now you'll have to use up one of the two rear USB ports to get your Kinect on. This also raises the issue of the console not including a Kinect-to-USB adapter, which just adds extra hassle to get your Kinect Kinected again.  PSA regarding Kinectability mentioned above: For a limited time, you can get a free Kinect-to-USB adapter by contacting Xbox Support and providing your serial numbers.  *Is it worth upgrading my Xbox One?*  There is not a one-size-fits all answer to this. For me, it was a yes, as I was replacing a secondary Xbox One and I wanted the 2TB and smaller footprint. My Elite is still my main console, which I'm not ready to replace with the S due to the hybrid SSD and color. For most people, I would bet the answer is no. If money is a concern, it's probably no. If you don't 4K game or need the extra terabyte, it's probably no. If you're just a tech geek like me and always need the latest stuffs and thingies, then go for it!  For bonus entertainment, check out my attached comparison pictures of 15 years worth of Xbox hardware generations. The Xbox One S is now as small as the original Xbox 360, but not quite to the size of the Xbox 360 S/E. Unsurprisingly, the original Xbox One was even bigger than the original 2001 Xbox.  Ultimately, I'm still much more eagerly awaiting the full Scorpio hardware update, but the Xbox One S was a long overdue refresh. If nothing else, it at least leaves the Xbox One no longer as a beastly, oversized, whalephant, VCR, gargantuan, monolithic mass of plastic as its prior version was.", "I've been using this headset for a few weeks now and I love it! The headset is just 1 USB cord which has a fabric-type wire. The cord is very long and has volume adjustment, mute, and mic mute buttons. The headset sound is very clear. Being a gamer, the sound is important. I can hear footsteps and explosions from either side. They over the entire ear and are very comfortable. It's hard to hear outside noise. Can't hear my wife yelling at me. Ha! Usually some headsets make me feel like their squeezing my head, but these feel very good. The look and design is very nice. Sleek and cool. The white and blue goes nice together with the nice blue lights. The thing I like most about this headset is that I used to use Turtle Beach headphones. Now, Turtle Beach headphones costs quite a lot which came with a lot of plugs to plug in including a plug to the USB to power the headset which in turn causes a lot of feedback noise or white static noise. These are not. They are crystal clear and great. I highly recommend them and for the price, it's well worth every penny.", "now, imagine a bald man with Alzheimer's demetia. Can't remember anything about his past. (Yup! Same old lose memory plotline- I'm sure you are yawning already.)  Add on a tattoo of a bar code on the bald head. (Groan!)  Put this silly man in a suit. (Cliche much??!)  Slap on a red tie for maximum fail in color coordination. (Vomit!)  If that sounds cool to you, wait til you play the game.  Frustration abound. You have to creep and hide behind trash cans. If you get spotted, you are as good as dead.  Which happens 99% of the time. They give you all the cool guns, but they are almost for show, and does not matter most of the time anyways since you will be shot to pieces by 20 guys.  Add to that, poor graphics form PS1 and PS2.  Then multiply by 3.  You get this trilogy.   -another 5star review by me", 'What started out as a boring, arcade-esque game when first released has turned into an enjoyable, loot grabbing adventure.  For those of you who were disappointed with the original release, the expansion, "Reaper of Souls" gives us a new class and Blizzard also rolled out a "Loot 2.0" system as part of the update (it was a free update, expansion wasn\'t required).  Finally you have a multitude of worthwhile items to collect and use.  This simple change completely turned the game around (along with other patch improvements).  With the Ultimate Evil Edition, we have the expansion plus the base game, meaning 6 classes, 5 Acts, and several new modes (including a feature exclusive to consoles currently).  Controls: For PS4, the game fully utilizes all buttons on the gamepad.  As you level up, you\'ll unlock new skills which will be assigned to the different buttons (until all are being utilized).  So much, in fact, that at times I\'ve forgotten to use some of my skills in chaotic battles.  The left stick moves you and the right stick has you doing a slow dodge.  I\'ve personally not found much use of dodge, as enemies seem to hit me anyway, but I just have them roll around for fun or to break breakables.  The menu takes a little getting used to, as it\'s on a radial-dial where you scroll through your various equipment locations (e.g. head, body, hands, rings).  Once you get used to it, it doesn\'t really take too much time, but if you\'re playing with others you may have to wait for them to finish.  You can also mark items as "junk" to sell with a click of a button.  I found myself not using this feature, though it is there.  When an item drops and you pick it up, you also have the ability to quickly equip or mark as junk.  Once picked up, 3 categories with green up arrows (meaning better stats) or red down arrows (for lesser stats) will show on the screen.  I never use this feature, as there are a lot of nuances with gear and I\'d prefer to look at them one by one.  Gameplay: The basic premise of the game, for those unfamiliar, is run through each location killing all enemies you see using a variety of powers.  Said enemies drop items, collectively known as "loot", upon dying which make your character stronger.  This is the addictive cycle of the Diablo games - collect loot, level up, get new skills, kill more enemies with different skills, repeat.  The maps are well put together, but unlike the previous entry, the maps have randomized elements, but aren\'t truly randomized.  That is probably one of the biggest flaws in my opinion, as the changing maps gave the previous Diablo infinite replayability and that feeling of discovery.  Once I visited an area, I knew exactly where the important stuff (and boundaries) would be any time I went through again.  You have several classes to choose from: the hardy and furious Barbarian, the stoic and martial Monk, the dark, ranged Demon Hunter, the primitive and controlling Shaman, and the studious and magical Wizard from the base game, plus the stalwart and strong Crusader from the expansion (and my personal favorite).  Every class has a male and female variant.  You have access to unique skills and "rune" slots, which unlock at specific levels and customize each base skill.  For instance, the Wizard has a beam attack that can be changed into split beams with a rune, or to have a shorter but wider beam for close attacks.  It allows for flexibility and different builds, but you can\'t switch it on the fly. Unlike previous games, you can\'t create a Warrior Wizard who wades into combat swinging a sword, the Barbarian can\'t used ranged weapons, and the Demon Hunter is restricted to ranged only, considering all their skills required a ranged weapon.  This is one of the biggest flaws of the game, in my opinion, coming from Diablo 2.  I wanted to use the Demon Hunter as a shadow stalker, dual wielding knives or swords.  Sadly, you do not have a choice in this and have to play each class as Blizzard wants.  I haven\'t dove into Adventure Mode or Bounties as of this time, but after finishing the game you can go back and complete various objectives for rewards of items and experience.  Another feature is that if elite enemy kills a friend of yours, they become more powerful and can invade your game as well.  The more people who perish at the hands of this foe, the stronger they become but the greater the rewards are.  One of the great advantages of the console version is couch co-op play!  If you don\'t have a friend to join, you can find matches to join online as well.  There is an "arena" for Player vs Player combat, but otherwise you won\'t have to worry about someone invading your game wanting to kill you or otherwise ruin your game.  Graphics: The character models are not very pretty.  Once in game, everything looks nice, with great particle effects and lighting (though I feel like almost everything looks rounded).  Enemies heads can explode or be removed from their body (watching it fly through the air), zombies whose upper and lower half separate, only to have their upper half crawl towards you, and many other great animations and effects are present.  The game is zoomed out enough that the minor details that would look really low resolution up close appear fine.  The cutscenes are all top notch and beautiful, and each chapter introduction starts with story book like drawing/animation.  People complained that the graphics were too "light" or "happy", and while it\'s not as dark and gray as Diablo 2, it\'s still plenty dark and bloody.  The usual dark shadows are replaced by low, blue lights instead.  Grass is greener, water is bluer, sure, but these do not detract from the dark tone, with different areas having plenty of corpses lying about or torturing devices swinging from the ceiling. 0 Sound: The effects are great and each enemy makes different noises to set them apart.  The goatmen bleat as they charge you, zombies moan, ghosts make this swishy like sound.  The music fits the theme and mood well, with familiar style permeating each area.  I have no complaints with sound design.  Story: A star has fallen and you go to investigate.  From there, you\'ll meet faces familiar and new and uncover the secret of a growing terror.  For what the game is, the story is good, but nothing new.  Depending on how close you pay attention, you can probably see each plot twist or reveal coming.  The final act didn\'t leave me breathless, but it was more of a shrug and accepted that everything just happened.  It\'s Diablo, bad things happen because of powerful evil beings.  Online: Co-op is there in all it\'s glory, so invite a friend (or 3) and destroy the enemies of good.  The difficulty scales up as does the rewards.  You can gift or trade items you find as well.  I also already mentioned the elite enemy who kills your friend may find his way into your game looking to finish you off as well.  There is matchmaking for those who want to play with others but have no friends or have no friends available.  -------------------- Overall: 4/5 - With the Loot 2.0 system, it\'s fun to go out and slay monsters and power up your character.  The gameplay is solid and addictive, but not incorporating randomly generated maps and not allowing for full customization for characters is a step back.  This is technically the expansion with the base game included for free, but it\'s a great arcade-like action/RPG that will satiate a need to hunt for loot and slay powerful enemies - especially with friends (online or off). -------------------- Gameplay: Lots of skills to unlock, plenty of enemies to defeat, and more loot than you hold creates an exciting and addictive experience.  Removing random maps and shoehorning classes into very specific roles feels like a huge step back and gives you less control over a character\'s development and more of "this is what Blizzard created and wants me to do".  Controls: So many skills!  So many buttons!  It\'s easy to aim, shoot, use skills, run, and everything else you need to do.  The menu system takes some getting used to, but isn\'t too bad once you\'ve experienced it for awhile.  Graphics: Zooming out means they can use lower resolutions, but anything close up looks muddy and out of the last generation era (maybe even farther back).  Particle effects and character animations are fantastic and fluid.  While the textures may be low quality, the rest of the game looks very fluid and nice.  Even if it\'s too "bright" for some.  Sound: Satisfying death throes and enemy war cries echo around you.  The music fits perfectly and helps set the mood/theme in every location.  Online: Fantastic Co-Op game play!  Those who prefer PvP will find less love, and griefers will want to find another game entirely.', "Well I didn't expect much of this old ps3 game because it is pretty old for starters and well I have seen this game get mixed reviews. As a fan racing games this one may be on my top as far as the game having the most detailed customization to date. Its a bit more deep than midnight club LA in some areas and as far as the cars they added some amazing cars I haven't seen racing games add. As far as the graphics they're okay standard wise for a early ps3 game. The car handling, its a little similar to earlier midnight club games (somewhere between 2 and 3) its not the best either is it bad. It takes some time for adjustment. They added a new mechanic called DNA which lets other online players know what type of driver you whether cool, neutral or a hot headed type. Its a cool mechanic but this game is definitely no long online. Definitely a bit better than Need for speed's pro street. The drifting in this game reminds me of Ridge racer 7 minus hitting the square button. Its a little challenging but its something you pick up in the game quickly not making it a challenge after a while. For a racing game its far superior than many of the recent racing ganes in the Need for speed series. Its worth checking out this one. One main problem is the lack of single player modes, there isn't any. Another annoying thing about the game is that to unlock performance parts you must do challenges. It wouldve been better to have them unlock until you get into a certain area. The challenges will get annoying over time. As far as the character customization, it lacks. Either have it full in or don't add it. Its a game that has its ups and definitely its down. Its worth gettig for 20 bucks and down.", 'I purchased Family Night 2 first but didn\'t particulary like "Picturica"and I never liked Jenga in the past, and Connect 4 reminds me of the game I hated the most growing up...Checkers. The "Operation" game was not like the original.  I decided to purchase "Family Game Night" one and I was not disappointed. These games are like the originals and my family and friends really enjoyed playing them. Several of them had "customized" sections where you can add things and change game play.  "Battleship" plays just like the original minus the little plastic ships and with the Wii edition at least there are auditory and visuals when you sink the other player\'s ship!  "Sorry" was a bit different from the version I played as a kid. We used dice rather than cards to move around from "Base" to "Home" and the directions were on the board, but it is great to play on screen and no parts to lose!  "Sorry Sliders" is fun and uses the Wii remote and play seems like table "Shuffleboard.  "Yahtzee" was just like the the original and you don\'t have to look around for the  dice!!!  Finally, what caused me to rate this game a "4" is yet ANOTHER version of ....Connect 4!!!!!! Those Hasbro guys seem to be obsessed with THAT game.  I had just glanced at a couple of reviews and the one kind of got to me. One parent stated, something like their kids ages six and eight played about 20 minutes and they had it!!! THAT is not the "Game\'s" fault. Many children have been brought up to never have learned "quiet time." Alot of them don\'t just want to play with dolls, unless they talk in two languages, Eat baby food and use real diapers, sing lots of songs, do addition and multiplication.........(you get my gist?) The have no wish ot concentrate on ANYTHING more than 10 minutes. I have a friend that is a teacher and she tells some very crazy things that happen in her classroom.  I would not hesitate to buy "Family Night 1." (provided that your kids don\'t throw the Wii controller through the TV screen if they lose the game!!!', 'I pre-ordered this game with all of the hype coming out about it. However, when I got it, I was disappointed.  The story line was not engaging and did not keep my wanting to play. The gameplay itself was boring. I am not a huge stealth fan, but the execution in this game was poor. When you get spotted, you will almost always die since you cannot fight to save your life (I know that is the point, but still) and you cannot really outrun anyone. So no fight or flight in this game.  The graphics were sub par for a major PS4 title. I would say they are a step below Half Life 2... yes... that outdated at this point. I am fine with graphics not being groundbreaking, but the gameplay needs to make up for that. Some of the better games currently on the PS4 are the cheap/free PSN games, but their gameplay is fun and engaging; however, this game is not.  I kept trying to get into this game, but after getting a few chapters in I just found myself thinking that I do not care about this game at all and was wasting my time. I tried to sell it, but no one wanted it on any of the sites I sell stuff on. So I ended up trading it into gamestop for about the same price I would get on ebay (after ebay and paypal fees).  This is definitely a try before you buy game, unless you can get it from $10 or less. Sorry, I do not like giving games a bad review since most of the time it comes down to personal taste, but I really tried liking this game and could not find anything good to say about it (which is very uncommon for me).', "I've had Red Faction: Guerrilla (RFG) on my wish list for several months now.  It looked different than most games I play, so I decided to experiment and give it a try.  Before buying, there was the pesky matter of deciding whether to get the XBOX 360 or Windows version.  I have a fairly high end pc (Win7 64bit, i7 920@ 3.5Ghz, GTX 295 video card), so I decided to enjoy all the eye candy I could with the game.  The reviews are less than stellar for the Windows version (some mention failures to run on Win7), but I'm not scared by such talk.  I was talked into the XBOX version of GTAIV and regretted it after seeing it on Windows.  Installation was pretty straight forward and took 10 or so minutes to finish.  Upon completion of the main installation, it wanted me to install a chat client for gaming.  I went ahead and installed it since I planned to try out the multi-player features of RFG.  I haven't tried the multi-player portion yet, so I'm not sure if it is needed or not.  This was followed up my the game asking me to enter the serial number for activation (yeah, DRM stuff, but I don't care).  I entered the serial and fired up the game.  RFG uses Games for Windows Live, which is fine by me since I like trying to get the max amount of achievements I can.  I also don't mind being connected to the internet all the time because I'm not some crazy conspiracy theorist that is so paranoid of the internet that I physically unplug my cable modem when I'm not using it.  I already have GFWL installed, so I was all set there.  I fired up the game and GFWL also asked me to enter the serial number. GFWL found the latest update (from early April) and asked if I wanted to download and install it.  I accepted and closed RFG while it was downloading and installing the update.  Upon restarting of the game, I was able to start a new career and get going right away.  What ever problems they had before this patch in regards to Windows 7 64bit have been fixed.  I haven't had a single crash after 26 hrs of game play.  Gameplay is pretty straight forward and if you've played any GTA titles you will feel right at home.  Basically, you're job is to avenge your brother's death by killing all the EDF you can to liberate Mars.  This involves blowing things up, which is cool.  The perspective is in the 3rd person, which some folks don't like very much.  Control can be a little annoying when using a keyboard and mouse, so I just use my Xbox controller with this game.  So much like GTA, you have a few different styles of missions to complete.  You have primary missions, guerrilla actions (free hostages, defend site, attack site, carnage), transporter (steal vehicle and deliver to a safe house) challenges, and demolition master challenges to complete.  This gives you a nice variety of stuff to do while trucking through the campaign. The one major complaint I have about the game is there should be more walkers lying around to hijack.  They are a blast to use during assaults since you can flip cars like nothing and watch them start chain reaction explosions that send enemies and debris flying all over the place.  RFG uses the HAVOK physics engine and the GEOMOD 2 destructible environment graphics engine.  This combination results in a pretty intense and surreal experience when blowing everything up that you can get a demolition charge on.  The graphics are actually quite good...for it being on Mars.  There aren't trees everywhere, so the main eye candy in the game are the vehicles and explosions.  The vehicles are highly detailed and animated (especially the walkers).  Driving physics is very complicated and often frustrating due to the fact you can't steer when you're front tires are off the ground (duh).  Realism is where the Windows version shines.  It's very clear when watching videos from the PS3 version that they had to dummy down the physics for those ports.  The transporter help videos showed the vehicles not really bouncing around in response to the terrain.  It was very difficult to beat the Pro times for the achievements on transporter and demolition master challenges.  The downside to this technology is it clearly needs a near top of the line PC to run at near 60 frames per second.  My PC was a perfect match for this game, providing consistent 55-60 fps throughout game play.  One feature I thought was cheesy was the low quality cut screen and mission briefing videos.  These looked like they came from a computer game from 1998.  Overall, I was very happy with RFG.  It is probably one of the most addicting games I've every played.  It can be very repetitive, but what game isn't?  If you like blowing stuff up, then you won't be disappointed with Red Faction: Guerilla.", 'First of all, this is a must play. It seems as more and more developers weigh into the gaming industry, ironically, it becomes more and more rare for one of them to bring something new to the table. Sony, as per usual, comes out of left field with this gem.  Part rythm, part puzzle, part rpg, Patapon mashes together bits and pieces of several genres. It\'s a shallow dash of each, but it\'s there, and it works. The design is simplistic and flat, but it\'s beautiful. Nothing seems out of place in this world. If you\'ve read other reviews you probably know the premice of the game. You build an army of little cyclopian soldiers of various jobs and abilities and march them through their enemies to the promised land. You create your armies from the ground up by combining various materials you get from mini games and missions. The creation screen will place the default ingredients (two for each type of patapon.) but you can replace these with higher quality items you\'ve found to make more powerful Rarepons. You\'ll also get better equipment to outfit your armies in while on your missions. Patapons are controlled by using an 8 beat rythm using a combination of the Cirle, Triangle, Square, and X buttons. You play four beats, the patapons sing their reply for four beats and so on. The catch is there\'s a tempo you have to follow, your button presses must match with the beat flashing around the border of the screen. Keep up well enough and/or hit a high enough combo and they\'ll enter fever mode. Fever greatly increases the Patapons attributes. Miss a beat though and you\'re back to normal Patapons until you can pick it up again via combos. It can be difficult at first but you\'ll find yourself intuitively stringing the various command beats together and watching your patapons follow your directions flawlessly. The beats are simple but very catchy, you\'ll find yourself randomly Pata-pata-pata-poning in your head. It has a nice system of combining various materials to make various kinds and shapes of patapons. The story is simple but you find yourself really caring about leading these little eyeballs to their promise land. Lastly it\'s truly a rewarding site when your little army enters Fever mode and volleys barrages of spears and arrows at your enemy and your warriors crush through the front lines toppling towers and buildings alike. All while singing in unision your praises.  This isn\'t a perfect game though. There\'s hardly any tutorial, I\'m not sure if they just wanted to invoke a trial and error element to the game or if they were just too lazy to flesh out all the mechanics. For instance, say you pick up a really quality piece of meat and some rare metal (required to make the warrior type patapons) and you want to use them to make a Rarepon. That\'s all well and good if you don\'t have a full regiment of warrior Patepons. If you do though, it will simply tell you that you can\'t make any more of that type. Now there are bosses that will eat your Patapons rendering them irrevivable, but trying to strategically get a boss to eat the right Patapon and ONLY the right Patapons would be an exercise in catastrophe, and a large chunk of wasted time. I had to skim through a walkthrough on the internet to find out how to delete unwanted Patapons so I could create better ones. You have to go to the item equip screen, to get there you have to select a mission to go on first. Then you have to press Triangle over the correct regiment, highlight the patapon you don\'t want. Now you\'d think that there would be an option to "Retire" the Patapon or even "Kill" Patapon... No, the button you have to press is Select, conveniently labeled "Quit". Silly me, not realizing that Quit meant get rid of highlighted Patapon. Instead I assumed that Quit meant Quit the game, or Quit the item selection phase... Another issue is the items that enemies drop. Most of it is completely useless after you\'ve started making Rarepons as you don\'t use the generic meats, wood, and stones anymore. Rarely do any gear or weapons drop. When they do, they\'re only there for a short amount of time before they dissappear, and not into your inventory, they\'re gone for good. So say a nice weapon drops, but when you killed the enemy he bounced back puting him behind the rest of his soldiers. You better hope that they fall back or you kill them all quick otherwise you can just wave goodbye. If a boss drops an item behind him when he dies and the mission says complete before you walk over it, you lose it as well. You can watch your happy little eyeballs parade by shiny loot and heaps of cash without any one of them picking it up. The mini games are fun but the items you receive from them can become outdated very fast if your bolstering your ranks with Rarepons rendering said games pointless. On top of that, while they\'re fun the first couple times,each game is the same thing every time. It\'s a "song" that you have to mimic or play along with and it\'s the same song with the same beat and you just do the same thing every time. I can literaly listen to the mini games at this point and complete them without looking at the screen. There\'s also alot of repetition. You need to go back and do the same farming runs through the same stages several time to gather materials (you\'ll rarely get the ones you need) and money to make troops. Most farming missions yield around 200-250 Ka-ching! (money) and each of the 2nd best Rarepons cost 1k to 1.5k to make. That\'s 200-250 Ka-ching! if no monsters block you from being able to pick up the coin dropped by their dead counterparts. The last thing isn\'t really the games fault, it can just be frustrating. This game requires alot of concentration and if the TV\'s on or your significant other or a friend is trying to talk to you or the phone rings you\'ll find yourself getting off beat and losing Fever ALOT. Yeah, there\'s no pause either. Once you start a mission you need to finish it, quit, or die to stop it. Even when I\'m alone I generally play with headphones as the PSP speakers don\'t carry the drum beat all that well all the time, plus it cuts down on the distractions. Personally I have a nice pair of Skullcandy Hesh that I use. They have great sound, they\'re comfortable, and they block out alot of the outside noise even if you don\'t have them cranked.  In closing, this is a game that you don\'t want to miss out on. It\'s at a bargain bin price right now, and you don\'t find anything this original very often. Yes, it has it\'s issues but what game doesn\'t? The good far outweighs the bad.', "First things first, I never played Titanfall 1 in any capacity. If that is something that is holding you back...don't. I completed the campaign on normal difficulty and I dabbled in the multiplayer experience. You do not need to have played the first game to understand this sequel. The combination of game play as a pilot and as a huge mech is wonderfully balanced. You won't find yourself upset that there is another Mech sequence or upset that you are playing this section as the pilot. I am surprised how well executed the campaign is as a whole.  The level design is excellent and not your typical call of duty type shooter segments. You get to enjoy the movement in this game as you run and jump from wall to wall and it feels very platform in certain segments which is a good thing. The playstation was built on great platforming games after all. The gun play feels excellent. It feels smooth and responsive and just a pleasure to shoot through the enemies in this game. I enjoyed the campaign for what it was. I don't expect any awards for story telling here but it is very enjoyable start to finish. I did get connected to BT through out the story.  I told myself I would not spend hours and hours playing multiplayer games, but instead just play story modes or campaign modes and move onto new game once completed. With that being said, I could not help but spend some hours with the multiplayer modes. It was definitely fun and addicting.  Definitely pick this game up if you enjoy shooters."]
["Great alternative to the vastly overprices Razer & Logitech versions. I used an original  Razer Naga for 8+ years now when the scroll wheel finally gave out on it. Bought this as a replacement & have been very happy with it, although the side button shapes took a little time to get used to.  Three minor complaints to be aware of:  1.) The scroll wheel color is pre-determined by which profile you are using, & can not be customized. This is not a big deal for me, but some may feel slightly mislead.  2.) Only 5 total profiles available & they require you to switch between them manually. This a a pretty big deal for me & is quite annoying, as I've grown very reliant on making a separate profile for every game/program I play/use with my old Naga, & having it switch profiles automatically when I launch a game/program. I would REALLY like to see this added to the driver software for this mouse in the future.  3.) Infinite repeating macros are not possible with this mouse. You can only set a macro to repeat a max of 255 times... I find this disappointing, as there are many macros that I like to set a toggle button for & have them repeat indefinitely until I toggle the macro off. :(  Due to these downsides, I feel obligated to drop at least 1 star.", "I would say that I have a mouse fettiche.  My favorite mouse of all time was the Logitech Wingman PS-2 gaming mouse.  The ony drawback to that mouse was the lack of a thumb-buitton and scroll wheel, but for it's time it was awesome.  Logitech has not come close to that degree of mousing perfection since...that is until the G9x.  I did not have the G9 so I can not compare them.  The last mouse I had was the G5, and there is no comparison.  First let me start with what is good about the mouse, since there is so very little that is bad.  The Good: Ergonomics - the ergonomics are about as close to perfect as you could imagine.  Just like the Wingman Gaming Mouse, it is more of a wedge shape which just seems to fit the hand perfectly.  Ergonomics are only enhanced by the multiple enclosures which have a very pleasing texture and non-slip grip.  This is a new feature not seen in any mouse before and I think it is now a must-have.  Weight - As with many prior mice, you can fine tune the weight and there is a good selection of weights.  With the heaviest load it has excellent heft.  Cord - Nice, long, thin, braided fabric-wrapped cord does not interefere with mouse tracking.  Buttons - The buttons have a perfect action and solid detents.  The thumb buttons are positioned just right for a standard (non-claw) grip.  The scroll wheel has a very solid feel and smooth action.  Ashetics - Very handsome, selectable light colors are a plus.  Features - Scroll wheel can be changed from click-type to smooth-scrolling.  Selectable tracking speed is very well implemented.  Saveable game profiles with onboard memory is a nice feature if you do LAN parties.  I wouldn't use this, but nice to have anyway.  Tracking - smooth and precise, as you would expect from any modern mouse.  So what is bad?  Well for one thing it broke in the first week I had it.  I know things break, and I would not dock a star for that alone but this is an auspicious start for an otherwise outstanding mouse.  More importantly is that I think they left some important features out.  With your hand resting on the mouse, your 4th and 5th fingers just hang off the side...doing nothing.  Why not have a third button toward the right side to increase functionality?  If I were designing my perfect mouse, that feature would be there.  The front thumb button is difficult to reach without a claw grip.  I like the design of the Microsoft thumb buttons on their gaming mice better - with a vertical rather than horizintal orientation.  When are input device makers going to realize that it is easier to rotate the thumb rather than bend it?  The feet are not very slippery.  I replaced them with Hyperglide feet (from FrozenCPU).  Other than that I have to say that this thing is pretty close to perfect.  Hard to not recommend it for any PC gamer.  Even my wife loves the way it feels and she doesn't game at all.  Buy it - you won't be disappointed.", "Controller works fantastically. While the joystick placement may seem a bit off at first, I've grown quite accustomed to them and actually like the design.  The controller is very light, and gets an insane amount of battery life. Hooked up to my PC via a bluetooth adapter I'm ranging anywhere from 40-50 hours on a single charge cycle, which is absolutely amazing. Make sure to use the Toshiba bluetooth stack.  The controller I purchased here is absolutely authentic, and simply the Japanese release of the controller. After viewing youtube and japanese search engines I'm content to say that this is the real deal and not a counterfeit.  Also, one of the most important things for me as someone who plays 2d platformers is the d-pad. The d-pad here is excellent, and very faithful to classic Nintendo fashion.  Easily one of the better wireless controllers on the market. I almost forgot to mention: The triggers here are digital, and not analog. I've grown absolutely frustrated with analog triggers due to their uselessness outside of racing games. Nintendo doesn't include them, and it makes the controller that much better - The triggers here do what I want, which is a quick, simple command engagement. I wish other companies would do this, or at least make it an option when purchasing additional controllers. I am not alone in wanting digital triggers - In most games analog triggers simply seem to get in the way more than anything else.", 'I admit that I have not played KOF since the old KOF \'95 arcade days.  That\'s 15 years since!  But I have become disappointed with many other fighting game franchises that I once loved (Street Fighter comes to mind).  Also all the crazy Marvel vs Capcom games don\'t interest me.  What got my interest here was the slick arcade style control that I saw on the youtube videos.  So I pre-ordered this instead of Elder Scrolls V (pretty crazy huh!), mainly because I wanted the included soundtrack (pre-release bonus).  I haven spent a few hours playing and I will update this review as I play more.  There are several modes to play through: Arcade, Story, VS, Trials, etc... as well as online.  There is quite a bit of depth here.  I played through Arcade a couple of times.  The storyline is nice, pretty fast paced, and interesting in the arcade version.  The last boss(es) are pretty tough and bring to mind some of Soul Calibur\'s crushing last battles.  If you do get beat up on, then you get to continue with the option of selecting a handicap for your CPU opponent.  I admit the first time I beat the game I had to use the 75% life bar handicap... But I plan on improving quickly!  Story mode is a lot slower and pans out like a partially animated manga.  There are no voice overs, in the arcade mode, characters\' mouths move (without voice), but in story, their mouths usually don\'t.  I enjoy story mode because it gives you much more insight into the characters and the plot.  Essential for someone like me who is new to the series.  Control is slick.  Some of the moves require expert timing and control, but you can get a pretty good grasp of the characters normal and special attacks fairly quickly.  They are often standard fighting game combos.  The EX moves are a little tougher to execute, and chaining them into massive combos requires skill.  Luckily you can go to practice or trial mode to work on them.  In one of the trial modes you select a character and then must hit combos to advance.  It\'s harder than you think!  Blocking is easy (hold away on the stick), jumping is nice, and running/hopping forward easy to execute.  You also have rolls with the R1 button (standard button configure).  The music is a real treat.  Much is typical J Rock or J Pop, but there are some nice jazzy and bluesy tunes as well.  It\'s a nice mix, and the tunes are pretty catchy.  They tend to be fast paced during the action and slower during cut scenes.  And I love the voice for "You Lose"!  It\'s like he\'s kind of mocking you, but not in an overly obvious way.  I actually laugh when I lose and hear that voice!  Graphics are a mixed bag. It\'s a little grainy, even on my Toshiba 46" 1080p LCD (with HDMI).  It\'s more noticeable with certain characters, but it doesn\'t really bother me.  The animation and frame rate are good.  It just looks like a PS2 game ported and enhanced for PS3.  The backgrounds are fun but with the same issue, some grainy qualities, (pixellating?), but again, not complaining.  The characters are all well drawn and pretty interesting to watch on screen.  Special moves are pretty flashy, and finishing an opponent with a special move gives a fun little screen \'blast\'.  So overall my first impression is that this is a fun, fast fighting game with a lot of depth, plenty of characters to try out, and lots of combos and moves to work on.  I think that it slightly edges out SSF4 just with the fluid controls and the focus on attack and combos over defense and counters.  People will prefer one style of fighting game over another, but this is one hell of a fighting game that deserves to be played!  It\'s just FUN!  If I were to give it a rating on a hundred point scale, I would say 93/100.', "It's rare when an add-on for hand-held electronics is both essential AND affordable.  This one is both.  Currently priced at $11 (I paid $15), this is an absolute steal that had made my Vita experience better in every way. The grips snap on simply and easily. Takes two seconds. Once on, they feel like an extension of the unit. Only once or twice, during rough handling on my part, have they risked coming off.  They make holding the Vita FAR more comfortable, somewhat similar to holding a standard controller. Gone are the hand and wrist cramps I used to get from extended usage. They make the unit a little bulkier, yes, but the tradeoff is TOTALLY worth it.  No jacks, buttons, or other features are obscured by the grips.  The grips also turn the shoulder buttons into triggers. I prefer this and find that action games control much better this way. The triggers are responsive and fast; I've see no difference in performance using them.  Finally, one unadvertised feature is that these grips double as a protector/case when it comes to side impacts. They won't protect the front and back screens, but they do protect the outer edges of the unit.  Bottom line is, for just $11, no Vita user should be without these.", 'This is a cute exercise game for kids & adults.  When I first started it, I thought uh, oh.  I guess it will only be catering to the young children but then I noticed that while it\'s cartoonish (which I personally like) it\'s also for adults to exercise.  There are an impressive 155 exercises on here & I just received this game so obviously I haven\'t done all of them yet.  So far I\'m pleased with the "Dance Exercises" "Martial Arts" & "Body Conditioning".  You use 2 motion remote controllers & follow along.  The instructions are clearly mentioned & follow the arrows & lines on the screen.  It may look like you can cheat & just stand still & move your arms but you really do get a better score (& better workout of course) if you move your entire body like the cartoon instructor is doing.  While your Mii (wii avatar) "travels around the globe in between games, that\'s a great time to drink ice water while you\'re waiting the short time.  It doesn\'t take very long & the children love that part.  Since it\'s appealing to kids,  it\'s easy to get them involved in the game too.  So far, I\'ve noticed similarities to the Wii Fit: the workout calendar automatically logging in your day\'s progress - your workout time, calories burned & other stats.  The Wii Balance Board is used for the "Party Fitness" & "Pirate Attack" games, however I haven\'t done either of those yet. There are 8 workout categories: Latin Dance, Hip Hop, Aerobics, Yoga/Pilates, Boxercising, Karate, & Karate Forms. You can create personalized exercise program focusing on "arms & shoulders", "chest", "waist", "back", "legs & hips" (they forgot to include "bottom" to that list, but that\'s ok).  The cartoon people for the exercises look like mature college-aged young adults, whereas the cartoon-ish people in the games look like cute children. I like everything about this game so far. It\'s a welcome addition to my Wii dance & workout games & I\'m glad I bought it.', 'I remember getting PONG as a kid.  I remember mowing lawns so I could co to the arcade downt he block.  Platformers, like racing and sports games, are the oldest surviving types of video games out there.  Platformers seemed like they were ready to die out a few years back.  After all, what new could be done with them?  Quite a bit it seems.  The insperation of the Grant Theft Auto lure of \'go anywhere, anytime, do anything" breathed new life in what I had thought was a dying game type.  At first, when I played Jak II I thought they were just going to be a cutesy rip off of GTA, but the story slowly sucked you in, the characters were sympathetic and the city was unique (if a bit hard to get around)  Jak II was gritty enough that I, as a thirty something, could enjoy it.  Yet still I felt safe in letting my little girls (7,6 and 4) watch me play and even play themselves.  There was the down side of the city itself.  It did take a while to get from point A to B.  And god help you if you so much as brush against a Crimson Guard.  Also, while the zoomers were fun, there were several points you had to drive like mad from here to there and you just kept sliding into walls because the zoomers were so loose in the stearing dept.  Despite this I LOVED Jak II.  Took my time in beating it, sort of savoring it.  If JakIII does nothing but expand a bit over number 2 (new weapons, vehicles, some new territory ect) it would be well worth it to me.  Despite the fact that its comming out at Xmas time Ill be making room for this one in my budget.', 'As much as I liked&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/XCOM-Enemy-Unknown-Playstation-3/dp/B006WQR3V0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">XCOM: Enemy Unknown - Playstation 3</a>(EU) I\'m finding Enemy Within to be better in every way.  To start with, after about a week of playing fairly regularly I haven\'t played on the same map yet.  The missions are more varied where Enemy Unknown had three or four basic mission types.  The addition of the human faction EXALT has introduced the opportunity for different scenarios.  The timed retrieval requirement for the resource called Meld also introduces an element of pressure and adds a different dynamic to game play.  There are so many things added it\'s hard to keep track, from simple little things like new helmets, sunglasses and goggles to the MEC Warriors and Genetics Lab.  At first I didn\'t see myself using the MEC suits much; I really never cared for the S.H.I.V.s in Enemy Unknown.  Now though one of my favorite tactics is running up and punching a Muton across the map.  MEC Warriors are powerful but can\'t take cover so they are well balanced and require a certain amount of planning to use.  In some of the later missions something happens that really makes using the MEC enjoyable and leads to a pretty cinematic fight.  I don\'t want to give it away though.  This DLC is a little different than most DLCs I\'ve purchased.  It doesn\'t rely on the previous game and you don\'t really even need Enemy Unknown.  The two games share a few missions almost exactly.  The tutorials are the same and so far one of the VIP rescue missions is taken right from Enemy Unknown.  It seems like a quirky system but with the large amount of content I don\'t feel cheated.  It seems to me that the gameplay pace is slowed down and more relaxed with Enemy Within.  I\'m able to research the things that interest me more than the things I need to survive but if you\'ve played Enemy Unknown you know that decisions made early  can come back to haunt you later.  I\'ve actually wrecked some play thru\'s of EU by researching the wrong things.  So far I can tell that some of my decisions are making missions a little harder but I also feel like I will be able to correct this and get back on track.  I don\'t want to say this game is easier but there are definitely elements added that make choices more forgiving and enhance the soldier\'s ability and survivability.  So far I have not encountered the glitches and other issues some reviewers are reporting.  I\'ve only been playing for a week though so we\'ll see.  This is a tough game and frustrating at times but if you are willing to take your time (you definitely can\'t run and gun) and apply strategy it is a very rewarding game.', 'At first "Mystery P.I. Portrait of a Thief" was a very addicting game but, after several chapters, it became mind-numbingly repetitive and the whole mystery solving theme got lost. The storyline is that you are a detective who is trying to solve the case of paintings missing from a gallery. You need to gather evidence by finding objects in various locations in the town. You progress through 20 chapters in the case. After finding all the required objects in a chapter, you solve a puzzle. These puzzles can be either piecing a jigsaw puzzle together, completing a word search, matching pictures that complement each other, or putting tiles together to form a picture. Once the puzzle is complete, you are given new information about the case which begins a new chapter with more items to find and a puzzle at the end and so on.  The locations were diverse and interesting and some of the items were very well hidden. The locations were easy to see for the most part; however, I noticed in airports the lighting made the game very dark and almost impossible to play. For added challenge, sometimes descriptions were not what they seemed. An "eye," for example, could be an Egyptian-style drawing of a eye, the word "eye" or simply an eye. If the list included more than one "bat" that could mean a flying bat and a baseball bat. The music was rather pleasant, but also repetitive and could get stuck in your head.  As repetitive as the music was, so was the game play. After finishing several chapters, the same locations kept coming up and the game became tiring seek and find. Unlike "Chronicles of Mystery: Curse of the Ancient Temple," for example, I never felt like the game was a mystery.  "Chronicles" is a seek and find game with puzzles as well but there is interaction with the locations that gives a sense of detective work.  "Mystery P.I." did not offer such interaction.  The search areas and puzzles were independent of the storyline.  There was absolutely no crime-solving thought involved. The investigation just progressed as I completed the chapters.  The re-playability of the game is low, in my opinion, because I got so sick of seeing the same places and looking for the same things. Some of the descriptions used are strange, too. A "bumbershoot" is an umbrella, for example. I guess the game taught me something. In conclusion, toward the end, I tried to finish the chapters as quickly as possible and was disappointed when a new chapter started as I just wanted to finish the game and move on to something else. That is never a good sign.', 'I\'m sure this game has been reviewed to death already, lol, but since I just played it recently, I thought I\'d add mine to the mix. Anyway, this game was amazing. Technically, there weren\'t necessarily any real upgrades from Far Cry 3 as far as gameplay and such goes, although the graphics were definitely even more amazing. I\'d actually say this is possibly the best looking gen 8 game yet.  So, speaking of gameplay....it was as engaging and fun as ever. Really, I could run and drive around Kyrat all day every day and never be disappointed. There is a ton of stuff to do, plenty of objects to find, all of which carrying their own piece of a few different stories. The flight suit was also super cool.  Troy Baker as Pagan Min was inspired. I don\'t know that anybody could ever top Vaas as a video game villain, but Pagan Min was right up there, and Baker played the role to perfection. There were quite a few interesting characters in the game, but Min really stole the show.  As always, your moral choices tend to be more of the best of the worst type things. You won\'t really feel great about either story arc at times (there are basically two, much like with FC3). Neither really represents a "good guy" type scenario. Lesser of two evils kind of deal here. That said, there is a little leeway. In my playthrough, where possible, I let people live. Sometimes, that doesnt even work out well, lol.  Anyway, the story was pretty engaging IMO. It won\'t win any prizes necessarily, but it does keep you interested and wanting more.  Did I mention the elephants? Holy ##### the elephants! They are complete bad ###es, and you will defintiely want to take full advantage of your ability to ride one into an enemy outpost and wreak havoc. In fact, the first outpost I attacked, they had an elephant penned. I shot the elephant in the behind with an arrow from afar, and it basically went beserk and took care of the entire outpost for me while I watched the whole thing through my binoculars, lol.  Did I mention the Rhinos? F### the rhinos. They are also bad ###es, and they don\'t really discriminate, lol. Everybody in the area is a potential target for their ill temper and rage. They are also incredibly resilient. You will waste a ton of bullets trying to take one down. Also, once they figure out that you are the one shooting at them, they definitely don\'t hesitate to let you know just how little they appreciated that treatment. At one point, I literally just fired a grenade launcher at an enemy courier when a rhino came out of nowhere and smashed the courier. Just then, a rebel truck and an enemy truck both rolled in and everything started attacking everythign. As I watched in amazement, and eagle swooped in and attacked me. After I fought off the eagle, looked over and gazed upon the smoking ruins that was several vehicles and a bunch of once living people, with a rhino sauntering off looking pleased with itself, I thought "You know, this is what Far Cry is all about right here".  btw....eagles....by far the most annoying and vicious creatures in a game that also features honey badger, rhinos, elephants, and so on. They move fast, they can come from any direction, are huge and can carry off smaller prey (like goats...which you will see happen), and view everything as prey. F### those eagles, lol.  I\'m sure you can tell from reading all of this that there is a lot of content and a lot of randomness in this game, which really adds to the experience. This is a living and breathing game world, and it doesnt stop just because the prodigal son (you) sees fit to wander through it.  I cant recommend this game enough. Buy it, play it, love it!', 'The game was fair but slightly ruined by poor controls. However, I do want to clarify now that, while the controls did take a bit of getting used to, once you were used to them, they were quite easy and comfortable, and to be honest, I can\'t imagine playing the game any other way. So, the controls were great, graphics and sound was superb, the acting was wonderful and the story was enjoyable. Overall I would have to say Alan Wake was a pleasurable experience.  Although, pleasurable as it might be, it was far from perfect! I\'ve given you the pluses, now it\'s time for the negatives.  To begin with, the game felt like a long playable commercial for energizer and Verizon. I think I saw "Energizer" more times than I saw and heard the name "Alan Wake". Perhaps they should have just called the game "And going...and going..."? I am seriously surprised that at some point the energizer bunny didn\'t come beating his drum across the screen.  Next, the game is way too short! The game is divided into 6 "Episodes" which is basically 6 levels. each episode can be finished anywhere between 1 to 2 hours, depending on how hard-core you are playing and how throughly you are investigating the locals. However, what this means is, you could in theory beat the game in about 7 or 8 hours. Now, normally that\'s not a huge thing, since most games feature an Online play mode, however Alan Wake doesn\'t offer any online play. Your gaming experience is just those 6 episodes. Although more "Episodes" will be arriving soon in the form of downloadable content(More on this later)  Another thing I dislike about the game, is that many of the "Action" segments take place in the woods. Now during the first 2 "Episodes", that was kind of cool! The woods are a scary, and creepy and offer plenty of places for monsters to hide. After awhile though? Come on! It gets old! There\'s only so much running around trees a person can do before they start to lose interest! Once they get bored of the same repeating settings, then they are going to start getting bored of the game!  The next negative? Well, that would be the ending! Now, I am not going to include any spoilers for anyone, but what I am going to say is that the ending is lame. It\'s one of the worst game endings ever. It doesn\'t even seem like an ending at all really! There\'s so much just left hanging and in the air, and what little excuse of an ending there is just leaves you scratching your head dumbfounded.  Now, granted! Maybe the ending wasn\'t really an ending, but instead left open to leave room for the downloadable content. Maybe the "Huh?! Factor" will be resolved with the coming episodes. Possibly. However, I feel that it\'s kind of a rip off. Like they sent out an unfinished product, expecting you to pay the amount that one would pay for a full length game, and instead they receive an unfinished game, and a code to get the next episode free, however the second DLC you are of course expected to buy. In essence, you have to pay AGAIN to finish the storyline that SHOULD have been finished in the final product! It\'s ridiculous! It\'s like they are trying to milk you out of more money than their game title is actually worth.  Yes, I know other companies have DLC as well, and to be honest, some of them I think are ridiculous, for instance the modern warfare DLC map package. However, some companies like Rockstar actually provide QUALITY DLC items! For instance Grand Theft Auto IV actually finished! It had an ending, then they released 2 other DLC packs that contained whole new storylines, that were connected to the first, but could be played separately and enjoyed and felt that you had a quality gaming experience with an actual ending.  Would I recommend the game? I would recommend renting it. Like I said, it\'s a pleasurable game, but it\'s also a quick game! You probably will finish it during a rental period and most likely won\'t have a need to replay it since there\'s no real online play to extend the replay value.', "I've always liked WWII submarine sims and this one is, overall, the best i've played. However, I do have 3 gripes about it.  (1) when you're assigned to patrol a area in order to get credit for having accomplished it you have to stay within 50 miles of the marker for 48 hours. Now how are you supposed to hunt enemy shipping when you're anchored to a small area? It's annoying but not a big deal.  (2) Air attacks. I think UBI went wayyyy overboard on this! A example; On my last American patrol, in May 1942 I was attacked 5-6 times daily from northwest of Midway all the way to Japan! A distance of at least 2500 miles. Now in order to cover that much area with enough aircraft to make that possible it would require THOUSANDS of planes just dedicated to anti-submarine duty! No nation on earth, then or now, could do that. I know 2 WWII sub vets and they've told me that one plane a day within 500 miles of Jap bases was average, sometimes not even that ofton. The endless air attacks do NOT make the game exciting. It's exasperating to get attacked by planes every 2-3 hours gametime especially when you're over 1000 miles from the nearest enemy base.  (3) The game did NOT have a manual. I had to ask many questions on the Silent Hunter 4 forums (Thanks folks!) for a lot of info about gameplay.  It's a great game when you're not crash diving out from under the endless air attacks. That's the only downside to this game. However, for that reason I will not try out SH5.", "This game is amazingly fun, but only if you have patience. This game is TOUGH!!!!! I can't count the number of times i went into a completely open room, which is a trap where your random encounter probablility skyrockets. the story is a little freaky, but still cool. the Emperor of Palamecia has summoned Monsters from the bowels of Hell, using dark magic. A rebellion was formed, and now Firion, Guy, and Maria are on a quest to stop him. These three are your only permanent part members. Most of the others die. these include Minwu the White Wizard, a dragoon....whose name has slipped my mind, and Josef, a stong villager who would be considered a Black Belt class. Once you enter the emperors castle inside a cyclone, which threatens your home base and kill him, half of his soul goes to heaven, and becomes ruler of one of the castles, and the other half goes to Hell and conquers it. (which i don't see as possible in either case.) You find this out during the Soul Of rebirth sidequest, whn you get to play as all of the fallen characters. A great game, but a bit on the challenging side. As far as final bosses go, the dark half of the emperor's soul isn't too much to fuss about. I myself haven't faced the Light side yet. (still stuck at the beginning of the SOR sidequest. Shows you how hard it is.....]=|) The only other gripe i have is that you can't rearrange your party members.", 'The release of Modern Warfare was highly anticipated, and I pre-ordered my copy months ago. I also caught of glimpse of the Modern Warfare console and thought wow that is really cool looking and actually a great deal.  I ordered it and received it Saturday from Amazon.  Console:  The console is the black elite (matte) color with a nice gray accent on the top, some small gray graphics and lettering on the face plate, and a large "2" on the bottom (or left side if your stand yours up).  One thing I liked is the removal of the chrome disc tray for a solid black one.  The console looks really clean and nice, not overwhelming like the Halo console, or retina burning Resident Evil 5 console.  Accessories:  This is what makes the package such a bargain, while it still lacks an HDMI cable, it makes up for with a nice list of other stuff.  First the standard copy of CoD:MW2, a black elite wired headset, two black elite wireless controllers, a huge 250gb HDD, and an ethernet cable. On top of your standard issue power "brick" and standard composite audio/video cables.  Extras:  The hard drive is initially eaten up by arcade game trials (at least 15), game videos, and some older themes and gamer pictures.  After deleting everything, and transferring my saves, content, and gamer profile I\'m sitting at a comfortable 227gb.  My only issue with the console package was it didn\'t include any Modern Warfare 2 glitz and glitter on the inside.  I purchased the MW2 premium theme, which looks very cool, however I felt it could have been included with the package.  Not a deal breaker by any means but its the small things ha ha.  After opening this up (even the box looks awesome) I must say I\'m 99.99% thrilled to have this package, with the .01% being the lack of a theme or some other sort of MW2 items, again I\'m just being picky.  If you don\'t own a 360, even if you don\'t play shooters or MW2 for that matter, this may still be your best package deal.  I will throw in though once you try the included MW2 game you might just be hooked!', 'Two qualities really stand out when I think about my experience playing through Assassin\'s Creed II.  First off, it is an absolutely beautiful game.  And secondly, it was EXTREMELY fun to play.  Right off the bat, this game was visually breathtaking.  You begin the main part of the gameplay in Renaissance-era Florence, Italy and all your surroundings are just bursting with energy and detail.  Ubisoft did a great job recreating this time and place and bringing it to life.  From the small gardens behind the homes on busy city streets, to the dramatic vistas of the Tuscan hills from the tops of churches, it\'s a delight to look at.  The rest of the game is no different.  Venice, the other major metropolis, is wonderfully done with its ocean view vistas, architecture and canals.  Not only do the environments just look great, but they FEEL alive.  I was reminded of when I first put Grand Theft Auto: Vice City into my PS2 years ago, and was astounded how real Vice City felt.  This is how Florence and Venice feel here.  They are fully realized, incredible-looking, virtual worlds with lives of their own.  The environments make your character feel so small, like just another inhabitant of these bustling cities, and that in turn makes the gameplay feel so much more real and immersive.  The game was so fun as well, and this was enhanced by a solid set of controls.  Like seemingly all video games nowadays, they were tricky to get used to at first.  You don\'t realize it in the beginning, but you have the capability to exert a tremendous amount of control over your character.  Discovering those controls and mastering them as the game went on was a sheer joy.  As the story progressed, and as my character gained new weapons and abilities, at the same time my ability to control him grew, and my character\'s evolution felt very real to me.  Whereas in the beginning I would button-mash the X button to fight, by the end I was dodging, disarming, counterattacking, switching from fisticuffs to blades, and pulling off some stellar feats of execution, all in the same fight.  It was very satisfying.  Granted, the controls aren\'t perfect.  There are times, most noticeably when flying across the rooftops and scaling walls (one of the most fun aspects of this game, by the way), when the character would do something I didn\'t want him to do.  But these occurrences greatly decreased the longer I played, and near the end they barely happened at all.  That was the main thing that made this game so fun...the process of becoming a master assassin, both by advancing my character in the game, and by learning how to make him do what I want him to do from my end.  By the end, I felt invincible.  Aside from these qualities, the game also boasts some very good sound.  The score is minimal but effective and memorable.  There\'s a wide variety of side quests you can do that deviate from the main story.  The story itself was moody and grew more intriguing as the game progressed.  It was Dan Brown-ish in its religious-toned conspiracy narrative.  One of the game\'s side quests, where you search for a series of glyphs on important landmarks in order to unlock an important memory, served to enhance the story and mood greatly.  And lastly, the wide variety of methods to carry out your assassinations made sure there was never a dull moment.  From the large arsenal of weapons at your disposal (the hidden-in-the-wrist double blades are one of the coolest weapons in any video game ever) to the various methods you can dispose of enemies (ala throwing them off rooftops into the canals of Venice), it all just adds up to a very enjoyable experience.  You\'ll notice that although I gave this game 4.5 stars, I had to round down on the amazon scale due to a major weakness in this game, which was the economic system.  The major downside of this is that its just way too easy to get way too rich way too fast.  In the first 25% of the game, I really liked having to loot bodies, search for treasures, and perform various side quests in order to earn money and buy that upgraded piece of armor or new dagger that I wanted so bad.  But once you acquire your villa in the Tuscan countryside, and start collecting income on that, you basically become so rich, that there is nothing in the shops that you can\'t purchase without hesitation.  Unless you\'re a completist or a trophy hunter, there comes a point in the game where there really isn\'t any more motivation to try to earn any extra money.  This seems like it would be an easy fix in the next installment of the Assassins Creed games and I do hope that they address it.  Overall, Assassin\'s Creed II was awesome.  I had a really, really fun time playing it.  If you like the open world, go anywhere, do anything "sandbox" type games like the Grand Theft Auto series and are looking for that type of game, but with a really unique twist, don\'t hesitate in getting this one.', "This is a fairly old game, but it holds up beautifully even today. It puts the player in charge of managing hospitals. That sounds rather dry, but of all the hospital simulators, this one is the funniest--and the most fun. As the hospital administrator, you are given a hospital with pre-set walls, but you're free to set up rooms within those walls to be as big or as small as you can get away with. You hire doctors, janitors, and receptionists and set their pay as low as you can get away with, and try to have enough specialists to cure worryingly specific illnesses. In between fixing equipment that's getting a bit worn-out and racing against time to train enough doctors in whatever specialties you want them to have, you also have to research new advances. Oh, and you also have to make sure your hospital is clean and smooth-running enough to impress visiting VIPs and prevent hospital-borne epidemics, not to mention handle occasional earthquakes and influxes of epidemic/accident victims. As for the patients, you must also keep them comfortable while they're waiting for their various appointments--with soda machines, bathrooms, potted plants to look at, and radiators to keep them warm. Once a year you're evaluated and awarded cash prizes based on how well you did that previous year.  That sounds a lot like work, but what makes this game fun is the nature of these illnesses. Bloaty Head patients need to have a sharp pin jabbed in their heads to shrink them down. Elvis Impersonators need a psychiatrist's expert care to shed their delusion. Bald guys need a nice sit-down in what looks like a hairdresser's setting machine, while super-hairy people need a quick electrocution. Jellified people get solidly set. The noisome sufferers of The Squits need a quick drink from the nurse at the pharmacy to settle their insides. All the while, a perky British receptionist advises patients over the PA not to vomit in the corridors and to have their checkbooks ready. A mini-game pops up a few times wherein players must use various sorts of ranged weapons to shoot and kill rats in an empty hospital. Not sure what illness someone's suffering yet? Send them to the research room so they can be fed to a machine to analyze them better (and hope nobody official finds out about it). If you overwork your staff, they might just go loony, which is represented by skewed glasses or really wild hair. Not to be missed are the animations around the bathrooms--not only do you see the little straining faces and accompanying sound effects in the stalls, but you can also learn how many times this or that stall's been used. Little touches like these and many others make this game amazingly cool.  The mechanics of the game are not that hard to master, and the graphics hold up surprisingly well even in our modern day. There's nothing in this game that even children would find objectionable, nor anything that should offend any sensibilities--no cursing, sex, or violence. Even the bathroom stuff is pretty innocuous. For a game about diseases, Theme Hospital is quite a clean one. I'd recommend this game to anybody who enjoys simulators of this nature; it remains over a decade later one of the best of its genre. Even after beating it many times, I still enjoy playing it.  PS: This game works just fine on Mac OSX with Boxer; I've been running it this way for years.", 'I bought this because it\'s being sold as having single-player story mode. In fact, that\'s the first line of its Amazon description. However, single-player is an exercise in futility. The prologue mission is fine, but after that, it becomes nearly impossible, if not *entirely* impossible. I\'ve tried different characters. I\'ve played for several hours. I\'ve had the best success with Rath (a melee character) and have managed to level him up to Character Level 5 (which appears to be independent of the leveling progression during the mission). I\'ve gotten to the point of *almost* beating the third boss in chapter one (presumably there is at least one more), but not quite. Each attempt takes 20 to 30 minutes, and with five lives until the game ends (I\'ve earned more during the chapter, but only one or two, and I\'m not sure what triggers that), I\'ve started over and over again just trying to get through that first chapter.  It\'s clearly balanced for multiplayer. If any concessions were made for playing the game in single-player, it\'s hard to see. I hate rating the game low, but it did not meet expectations, especially considering that the single-player story mode is part of its marketing. I can\'t even tell if having Rath at level 5 has helped me push a little farther into the first chapter, or if it\'s just a matter of getting better at it over multiple attempts. At any rate, it\'s not what I expect from a single-player game. "Hard" is fine. I got the platinum in Bloodborne. Recently beat Dark Souls 3. I often play games on hard mode. But here, even "normal" mode in single-player is exceptionally hard.  It\'s simply not made for one person. That shouldn\'t have even been an option. It\'s probably the 5-life limit that does it. On the whole, it would be playable and absolutely enjoyable if that was not the case.  Sorry Gearbox. I\'m a big fan. Played and enjoyed all the Borderlands. Even liked DNF. But this. I wish I was able to actually play through the story, but you\'ve made it impossible.']
['Bought this mouse primarily because I wanted to have a couple extra buttons available when playing computer games.  I did my research, settled on the G400s and have been happy with it for 9 months running now.  While it is marketed as an FPS gaming mouse, this is an easy recommend for anyone based on excellent ergonomics, customization and durability in particular.  Pros: Durability - Buttons rated at 20 million clicks.  At my present rate of use this mouse would last another 50+ years.  There are no signs of mechanical wear whatsoever.  The only hint that the mouse is used at this point is a slight bit of abrasion on the pearl-colored "G" logo on the mouse. Ergonomics - Deep thumb groove means mouse is secure in hand and easy to pick up.  Fits natural curve of hand with good button placement and feel. Sensor Accuracy- one of the most accurate sensors on the market.  This likely won\'t matter to you unless you happen to be a fairly hardcore gamer but is a nice bonus for any user. Software- The mouse is plug and play and the forward/backward buttons are usable out of the box, but the buttons near the scroll wheel need the Logitech software to be mapped.  The Logitech software is slick, light, powerful and quick to install and use.  Be it a game or Microsoft Excel, there is no reason productivity doesn\'t go up relative to a standard mouse.  On the Fence: Styling- This is a souped-up premium office mouse with gaming innards and a new paint job.  The styling will be hit or miss with most. The office types won\'t like the gaming paint job and the gamers won\'t like the fact there are no flashy LEDs.  To both I say, "function over form." Cost- You can get all the office functions of this mouse for $30 if you need the buttons but not the "Zero Delta" sensor or 1000hz polling rate etc.  As a gaming mouse, it is well-priced compared to its main competition. Textures- The mouse comes with "hydrophobic surfaces" which are durable and resist sweaty palms.  They work as advertised and are very durable but many people don\'t care for the "all plastic" feel of the mouse.  The mouse works and it works well.  If you need a rubber or satin feel to your mouse, seek therapy immediately and spring for a different (likely inferior) mouse in the meantime.  Cons: Lack of braided cord- this could/should be standard these days.  Braided is better for looks, sounds (nobody wants a mouse cord that goes "fwap fwap" all day) and generally staying out of the way. Scroll Wheel- No issues personally, but the profile is admittedly low, it is simply a smooth rubber wheel with a little bit of cheap wiggle and it appears identical to what is on Logitech\'s $5-10 mice.  For a $50 product, it seems rather out of place.  That said, it works and this is a rather nit-picky con some wouldn\'t even notice were it not for the gripes of others.  In summary: impressed overall, particularly with the durability aspect of this mouse.  9 months in and I am beginning to believe it will outlast the USB port concept...', "Let's be real here. Shooters, particularly sci-fi fps's are a VERY over saturated market. Though DOOM could stand out with the name alone as one of the series that helped define the genre, this game goes far beyond branding to sell itself. It raises the bar for violence, intensity, speed, brutality, and absurdity unlike any other game on the market right now. It doesn't need to rely on the big name. It reminds you why it's a big name in the first place.  This is one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences I've had in a long time. This is DOOM for the modern era, succeeding in blending old school feel with cutting edge visuals and level design. Graphics are incredible, and performance is magnificent with a very steady 60fps. That, paired with extremely precise controls, make this game a dream to play.  If you're familiar with DOOM I and II, you'll have no problem settling in and crushing demons at a break neck pace. If all you know is DOOM 3, this is nothing like that. This is a whirlwind of blood, guts, and shotgun shells. Don't buy thinking you're getting a horror game.  As for the collector's items, the case is awesome with a nice, metallic finish with the lovely Revenant upon it. The statue stands a foot tall, and is every bit as detailed as the in-game model - a must have for every DOOM lover. It's constructed of flexible pvc, so you needn't worry about it getting chipped or broken. It lights up, the fan rotates, and looks awesome.  In short, if you want to be the most badass space marine in the history of video games, this is for you.", 'I was really looking forward to enjoying my new fancy mechanical keyboard. I need to return it as it is defective but I\'ll review what was right and wrong.  The good:  The Cherry MX Brown keys are a joy to type on. I am not a pro but a good hunt and pecker and it types great. The layout is very nice for a traditional keyboard. The detachable wrist rest is very comfortable and coated with the same smooth rubbery material as the keys and trim on the keyboard. The back-lighting (Red) is very good if not a little too bright (at its lowest setting). The USB cable is of a very good quality.  The not so good:  The keys that have two characters on them, like the number row, only the top character is well lit. In the number row the keys are printed reversed so the numbers are above the symbols so the numbers are lit well. The Windows Key is not only missing it had no easy enable. It took some deep researching with a really awful online tutorial to figure out how to reprogram the Windows Key to work and be activated. I emailed support but the first answer back to me was wrong. This was later corrected in their online FAQ section and is now correct. I tried to sign up with CS Storm\'s online user forum. I was denied access without an explanation. I questioned why and still have not received an answer. Not good at all. As I mentioned, even at it\'s lowest setting the back-lighting is too bright.  The really bad: The keyboard is defective. The caps lock and scroll lock lights above the number pad go on together when EITHER associated key is pressed. Also the fancy "breathing" mode starts on its own when not selected. Not happy.  I\'m going to choose a different keyboard as it\'s replacement. Preferably with Brown switches.', "This item works just as described. Just to give anyone out there more info, I'll explain all the different controllers that I tested with this device.  I plugged the device into my PS3 and first tried my two Sony PS2 dual shock controllers. They worked to some extent, except I had no left or up on the D-pad. Otherwise, the analog sticks worked fine.  Next, I tried my two Madcatz knock off PS2 dual shock controllers. Surprisingly, they both worked perfectly. I tested them on all my games and had no issues at all.  Last but not least I tried my good old Sony brand PS1 controllers, and yet again, they worked perfectly with all my games that don't require an analog stick. I actually prefer to play most fighting games with the d-pad anyway, and the original PS1 controllers are of the highest quality compared to more modern controllers.  One thing I'd like to point out that I really like about this device is that it turns one USB port into two PS1/2 controller ports. The PS3 recognizes both controllers connected through this device as separate controllers. I have some PC USB analog controllers that I've used before with my PS3 and I was limited to two slots because of only having two USB ports. This device now solves that problem.  So, my tests confirm that with the latest PS3 firmware as of 04/27/11, this device works nearly perfectly. If you have a few PS1 or PS2 controllers laying around, I would highly suggest buying this for half the price of other similar gadgets.", 'I was reading alot of reviews here at Amazon about this game to see what other people think because I was like every body else with lots of expectation. I will try to address the problems I don\'t see people complaining.  Current level 35 Aspec, 32 Bspec, 95% finished, just gained the redbull x1. However, I don\'t think I can keep going anymore with the endurance race, other wise you will see me on tomorrows paper that somebody died from playing gt5 with a blood clot. I would rate this game a 2 1/2 star but I can\'t and if they take off the "simulator" label I would give it a 3 1/2 star. This game is no way close to be a simulator.  I will start with the bads. NO PRE-QUALIFICATION. WHY? I mean why, why, why, I HAVE to be the last one to start the race? You will see alot of contradiction in the game regarding the word "simulator". Vehicle control is highly inaccurate. All the tune-cars are stubbornly better than ANY super car. How can a 89 civic mugen type R has better handling than a Ferrari enzo or a lambo? I just don\'t get the logic here. Bspec is another question mark. What is the point that just sit there and watch the computer race? The bspec endurance race is another joke. So, Sony expected me to sit and watch the game for 4 hours or 24 hours? or maybe leave it on while I go to bed? I am confused. I think Sony owe me an explanation. How about the endurance mode in Aspec? Is sony really anticipate players will sit in front of the tv and orbit the SAME track over and over again for 9, even 24 hours? There\'s no way to save the game in pit stop, so you have to finish the entire race. I thought video games supposed to be fun. What is the fun factor? Some people might say, you can pause it and take a break. The point is why do I want to do that by leaving the ps3 on especially it has the problem of over heating? Difficulty level is another problem. You can find races that are extremely easy while others in the "special" modes are literally impossible to get gold with the "given" vehicle. Menu navigation is a step back from gt4. In the tune page, the cursor navigation is awkward. Lets say you want to navigate the cursor to the right because items on the right, it will always go the the further right, and you think clicking left will bring you back to the original spot? It will not. It\'s more obvious on the changing tire page. One more thing that really annoying me is when you log in into GT mode at main menu. "Do you want to log into PlayStation network"? YOU BETTER SAY YES, other wise the game will be ignorantly ask you twice. What the hell is Sony thinking? Even after extensive 6 years of developing and deceptive delays, the game still has decent amount of bugs that the vehicle control freeze during several occasion. This game claimed to have more than 1000 cars. However, most of them are to be purchased through online dealership. It take years and years to refresh the list, so good luck on find the one you need. I am still looking for the Suzuki escudo. Vehicle purchases are ridiculous during first 1/2 of the game. Each race only earns 10 or 20 thousand dollar so don\'t be intimidated by the 100+ thousand dollar price tag. It will become much easier when you have access to the online event. How about the 10 million dollars Ferrari F10 formula that you save your ass to buy and on the YAHOOO moment you finally got it and just to realize it\'s only good to use on one race out of the ENTIRE game? Sony, I want to choke you. Finally, the paint color system is bad. Why I can\'t just pay for any color I want instead of using the selected ones? Why I can not change the camera angle when I see the car in the showroom? Why can\'t I pause and take a good look at the tail light or front bumper?  The goods: If you can omit all the bad stuffs and aggravation from above and you can get a used copy for 30 bucks, go for it. It has good graphics, plenty of cars to choose and use. I am anticipating forza 4. it should be way better.', 'I\'ve never been much of a comic book guy.  Or a video game guy, for that matter.  I just recently bought a PS3, however, and I knew that one of the games I wanted to purchase was "Batman: Arkham Asylum."  Why?  Because it looked amazing.  Well, it is.  The graphics are spectacular, and I\'m not using that word lightly.  You can see the holes and tears Batman\'s suit acquires as he progresses through the levels; you can see minute details in the floors and walls and plants.  The water ripples, the leaves blow.  This game is about as real as a video game can be.  It\'s an amazing story, too: The Joker has taken over Arkham Asylum.  What\'s Batman to do?  Stop him, of course!  You get all the Bat gadgets, plus some cameos from the vehicles.  You get to beat the living daylights out of the Joker\'s henchmen.  You get to take on some of your favorite villains (though I was sorely disappointed that the Riddler was absent; you spend much of the game trying to solve his riddles--to unlock content--but he\'s not actually in the game).  You get to use the Detective Mode to find clues and weaknesses.  And the voice cast--featuring Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill from the classic cartoon series that I was fortunate enough to grow up with--is spectacular; the cinematic scenes (many of which actually require you to move your character) look and feel just like a movie.  I would pay money to watch somebody play this video game.  The scenes leading up to the Scarecrow encounters are perhaps the best--the first and third are absolutely terrifying (I got chills, I really did), and the second is just plain haunting.  They don\'t pull any punches here.  There are a few negative things, of course; at certain times, you have to multitask; I can\'t count the number of times I got shot in the back trying to hack into security doors.  Of course, I solved the problem by taking out the armed guards first (duh!), but the problem is there: like any game of this type, you don\'t have complete control over the camera.  It\'ll come back to haunt you.  And while the Detective Mode is spectacular, you often spend too much time in it, thus missing out on the amazing scenery of the game; I found myself saying to hell with the mission, and just walking around enjoying the stellar graphics.  I can\'t tell you if this is the best Batman game out there, though I\'m gonna go out on a limb and suggest it is.  If there\'s a better game, then I really need to play it.  "Batman: Arkham Asylum" is perhaps the most beautiful game I\'ve had the luxury to play; granted, until my PS3 purchase a couple weeks ago, I haven\'t owned a gaming system since Super NES, but I think you get the point: This is a must-have game.  As in, if you play video games, you are doing yourself a disservice if you don\'t buy this.  It\'ll blow you away.', "Amazon has this listed as a game instead of an accessory, and that's a shame since it is a great accessory.  I tried a couple of the cheaper screen protectors you can pick up anywhere, and they all left much to be desired. I came across a review for one of these and it looked better than the others so I ordered one. I'm glad I did. The Hori filter is easily the best one I have ever seen.  It is thicker than other brands, which makes it much easier to apply cleanly. With some of the others it is just about impossible to get it on there cleanly and one particle of dust makes a rather large bubble under the filter. The Hori filter is thick enough to re-apply more than once so if a mote of dust gets in there you can peel it back and use a bit of tape to pull the dust off. You can then press the filter back down with no problems. I wouldn't recommend trying the tape trick on those cheaper and thinner screen protectors. You will mangle them.  Also, since the Hori screen filter is thicker, it protects better. If you get it on there right after getting a PSP, it will remain scratch free indefinitely. I have used three of these so far. Not because they needed to be replaced, but because I put a new silver faceplate on my first PSP, and then later I got a Ceramic White PSP. In both cases, I made sure I had a Hori filter ready to go. When I get one of those gold PSPs I will make sure I have another one ready to install.", 'The glitch is that the hammer doesn\'t open the coffin towards the end of the game. I had over 10 hours invested in the game and then hit the "glitch". I was almost in tears.. no, not really, but I was sure disappointed. I ended up starting it over and skipping through conversations and puzzles catching up quickly to where the glitch was.  I didn\'t have any problem with the hammer glitch after that, I guess because I followed a certain order to the game.  The extra ending in this "Collectors Edition" made up for all the trouble. I can\'t imagine the story ending without the alternate ending. Plus the deluxe strategy guide that comes with the collectors edition is very helpful.  I loved the game. My favorite out of the "Ravenhurst, Dire Grove, 13th Skull" trio. For those of you that don\'t know about the other two, the detective that solved the Return to Ravenhust mystery, next went to solve the Dire Grove mystery, and finally to Louisiana to solve the 13th Skull mystery. All three of these games are a cut above all the other Hidden Objects Games out there.  Even with the trouble I had to go through to get beyond the glitch, I still give it four stars.  Four and a half if I could. If you happen to get stuck like I did, it\'s not the end.... Use the deluxe stragegy guide, and go through the game again in that order. You can skip through conversations and puzzles and catch up in a couple of hours to where you were.  There are a few difficult puzzles at the end that you can\'t skip through. Just thought I\'d mention that for those that hate puzzle solving. I\'m personally glad that I couldn\'t skip through them because I probably would have. Then I would have never had that great sense of accomplishment that I got from solving them :)  I recommend this game, even with the glitch. Be ready for a LONG game. It\'s not your average short hidden objects game.  It\'s an amazing story, but if you\'re from Louisiana like me, (or even from the south), it\'s extra amazing.', "I held off on doing a review on this game because I wasn't really sure if I would like it, and I didn't want to do like many and give a bad review because I didn't understand or get into it deep enough.  This game is awesome Plain and simple.  Its not perfect because like many games, when they get so complex and detailed, sometimes the control mechanics can be cumbersome and takes some adapting to use the controls. I have seen where people are saying its a combination of Grand Theft Auto and Assassins Creed.  I can see why this comparison is made, but this game is much BETTER than both for a few reasons. The first reason is that it is not a sequel series.   I am a firm believer that game sequels have a tendency to go stale unless they are online multiplayer formats. The whole hacking genre of this game is pretty sick. Like I said, it took a few missions to really get into it, but I am getting addicted to it quickly.   The free roam capability that is comparable to GTA is much more advanced. I think the next generation development has allowed the game to literally allow the player to go where they want. The interactive environments are really awesome. You knock trash cans over when you are running through alleys, you can drive through chain link fences when eluding police, etc. Thats another thing, The police pursuits are exciting! The cops aren't as easy to outrun like they are in GTA. The AI is far superior.  You have to rely on the expanding free roam environment and hacking into traffic systems to get away.  Which brings up the issue of controlling vehicles. The vehicle driving mechanics could be better, and I find myself losing perspective when hitting high speed turns because the camera angle puts you in blind spots. When you make vehicles crash behind you, the slow motion camera capture of the crash is cool to watch, but the down side when the perspective returns to you, you can sometimes crash yourself because the view returns you to a bad spot. But I can live with this because the game has so many strengths that outweigh this. My solution is to use the available motorcycles. They are smaller and more nimble and easier to get through traffic . Not to mention, its easier to ride a motorcycle between barriers that you trigger during police pursuits.  The hacking puzzles are top notch, and makes the hacking theme seem more realistic. And people need to realize that Watch Dogs is not some boring hacking puzzle game. It is packed with high paced shootouts which are reminiscent of Max Payne on PS3, but with next gen detail. The graphics are amazing. The roads and sidewalks have cracks and stains and the leaves on the trees, the rain drops and the appearance of the roads when they are wet.  You can definitely tell this is a game on a next gen console.  This is a game that grows on you the more that you play it.", "First off the PS3 version of this game did get quite a few bad reviews at first because of all the bugs and the serious lag that kicks in after plalying for a while. but since the newest patch (Patch 1.4) a lot of things have been fixed. I haven't had any problems with the lag since the update, and they fixed the common mission glitches that this game use to have there may still be more but I haven't run into any others.  I will cover the limited edition items before the gameplay since thats the version I am reviewing. The statue is oh my god awesome, it looks great and is a nice addition to my dragon statues. The art book that it comes with has some great art in it that goes over quite a bit of stuff. The Bonus of DVD I haven't actually watched yet since whenever i look at Skyrim i go straight for the game.  Now I was a HUGE fan of Oblivion I put so many fun filled hours into that game and I must say Skyrim is even more awesome than that. It is improved in so many ways. Obviously the graphics are greatly improved the world is just beautiful. The combat is also improved from Oblivion. The Story was just fantastic a bit short but this game has SOOOO many side quests that even after putting over 300 hours into the game I still haven't completed everything. The game has practically all the guilds Oblivion had, it has the mages guild, the thieves guild, the dark brotherhood, and the companions is practically the fighters guild.  They took a few things out, nothing extremly dissapointing though. You can't create your own spells anymore. There is no greaves in this game the cuirass and greaves are just one set of armor, most people im sure wouldn't care but it kinda bugged me. Another thing that im sure most people wouldn't mind is your armor and weapons don't get damaged in this game, I kinda liked that option but I do kinda like it this way so my weapon does't break in battle.  They added some awesome stuff like Smithing, you can create your armor and weapons in the game you may also sharpen your weapons to make them stronger or enhance your armor at a workbench. You can get married, not an amazing option but its pretty cool to do. And quite a bit more cool stuff has been added.  The level up system is definitley better, now every skill level up will go towards a character level not just level up your major skills. You get a perk for every level up you obtain in the game which you can put into whatever skill you want and get different perks for the skills other then set perks depending on your skills level... I probably didn't explain that too well.  I don't have anything bad to say about this game now that the pack has been released. I would definitley recommend this game to any action rpg lover out there i don't see how anyone can be dissapointed by this masterpiece. Its easily one of the best games I have EVER played, I have been playing for the last few months and i'm still having fun with Skyrim.  So yeah this is a must have game.", "I have been sort of disappointed with the crop of shooters this year. Halo 5's campaign was good, but the multiplayer drove me back to Reach, CoD has failed to seriously interest me since MW3, and SW Battlefront is very good, but feels like it's lacking content and is somewhat difficult to navigate. Enter Rainbow Six: Siege. I played Rainbow Six: Vegas a few years back and enjoyed it, but my lingering memory was the extreme difficulty. And when I say 'difficulty' I mean that stealth, cover and attention to detail played a huge role and foul-ups were immediately and brutally punished. So that was my expectation for the new game, as I did not have a whole lot of information on it. So I got the game. It is truly excellent. True to form, this game places emphasis on careful precision and stealth, rather than sprinting around a map with a grenade launcher. The player spawns with 100 health points, which can be taken down  very quickly and do not regenerate. There are no health pickups. In order to succeed, the player needs to use every tool they have to outwit their enemies. In this regard, you have the ability to blast through walls, ceilings, floors, doors and rappel up and down buildings to your heart's content. Teamwork is also absolutely essential. I do not like talking to random strangers on the internet, but I've had to break that rule for this game. Things really don't work all that well if you do not use a mic. Recently, I got into two groups that I stuck with for some time. 4 out to the 5 of us, in each group, had mics, and every time, the player without the mic was the first to die and made the smallest contribution. So be prepared to work as a team. Even if you are a lone wolf and you decided to do some recon work on your own, make sure you communicate so that your teammates know what's happening. As far as playability goes, I have no complaints. It is somewhat different from other shooters. Upon entering the first Situation (single player training missions) movement is a little slower and a touch less fluid than the likes of CoD, Battlefield or Halo. Same story with the weapons. The weapons in those other games are as solid as anvils by comparison. Weapon aiming is slightly jerky and it can be difficult to line up a perfectly accurate shot. And once you take that first shot, the weapon will stutter with recoil. And the difficulty in aiming plays a role in the more active firefights. You either know precisely where your enemy is and continue to aim for the head in the hope a quick takedown, or you aim for the center of mass, which makes for a slower kill. None of this is a bad thing though. It plays to the hyper realism that is the recurring theme in this game. It is much closer to how weapons and their users would actually behave. Kudos there. Now, I'd like to talk about the graphics and sound briefly. I've seen a few things saying that the graphics are poor. I don't know what to say to that. The graphics are very good. Very detailed without being overwhelming. And the sound. The sound is one of the best things about this game. The sound is incredibly dynamic. I recommend playing on higher volumes, because EVERY movement on the map produces sound and it can be used to learn about your surroundings and give you an advantage. There is no music during matches, but there is no shortage of sound. The environment is an orchestra all its own. As I stated earlier, the game is difficult to master. But it is so exhilarating. The constant sounds of enemy movement, the knowledge of just how fragile your operator is and how long it could take to kill an enemy puts your senses on edge makes for some truly amazing and memorable gameplay. I love it. Lag is virtually non-existent. The only time it shows up is when a match is well and truly broken and both teams have a hard time moving more than two feet at a time. But not all is well. You have to make a Ubisoft account to play online. It's not a big deal, but it was annoying. Online stability is not the best, I've been disconnected from several games and this issue is being widely reported. Also, I stated earlier that Battlefront felt light on content. Siege has the same problem. For all its pro's, it feels a little empty. Your choices for play consist of multiplayer (PvP), solo or team Terrorist Hunt (PvE) and situations, which are solo training missions. And in the first two, the gametype is randomly chosen. But these are all minor problems that can be fixed via patches, updates and DLC.  In the end, I like this game very much. I let one of my friends try it on my console and he liked it so much that he decided to get his own copy so we could play together. And that really is the best way to play: in a team of people you like. I hope this helps. If you're tired of playing the exact same game, just with a new skin, every year, give this a try.", "While I still haven't experienced everything The Sims 3 has to offer, I have put in about three weeks of in-game time on it, and so here is my quick review of it. (I should note, I previously played The Sims 2 on Playstation 2.)  THE PROS:  - Much more detail in creating a Sim, although the body details haven't really improved much.  - MUCH more social interactions. Of course, this would be a given.  - Multi-story homes have now been introduced in the console versions of the game. As well as kids and teenagers.  - You now have a whole town to explore and aren't just stuck on your lot or at home, anymore.  - New career choices.  - You can control what goes on at work (or school) given options. You can make a Sim work hard or slack off, talk to co-workers, suck up to the boss, etc. (You just can't actually DO any work yourself, though.)  - Brand new types of objects, such as Cars, Kids Toys, and other things.  - The console-version-exclusive Karma Powers, which are basically in-game 'cheats' that let you do things like fill all Needs, do better at work, or temporally become really lucky.  THE CONS:  - NO MORE DIRECT CONTROL MODE!!! I can't tell you how much I miss this! I personally hated the 'multi-tasking point & click' mode of The Sims 2 console. This IS a console game, so why no Direct Control? This is especially annoying when I'm at the Library and my Sim grabs a book and automatically sits down at some random spot I don't want to go at (usually in a crowded section around other Sims) because I can't control them!  - You no longer can tell what level you are in a social relationship, anymore. There are no more Social Points in the game and now, you just have to guess where you are in a relationship and how close you are to becoming a friend or Best Friend. It's real annoying.  - You can no longer edit your Sims personality anymore. Sure, you can give them 'ability traits' that sort of substitute the old personality stats, like Friendly makes a Sim very outgoing, Good makes a Sim want to help people and cheer them up, Ambitious makes a sim learn skills quicker and want to get promotions faster, and Good Sense of Humor makes a sim funny. They're okay, but I miss the old way. I wish they could've included both personality systems.  - No Story Mode (from The Sims 2 console version) as well as no 'Sandbox' mode, either. The game is just a free-roam mode with no storyline objectives and no full sandbox creativity.  - You almost ALWAYS start out with the same amount of money (20,000) when making a new Sim, and will ALWAYS have only two choices of homes to move into, even though like, six are available. You can't move into them because you can't afford them. So why even offer them there?  - Less variety of home objects to buy.  - The Career choices are still limited. No being an Actor or Firefighter or Superhero. Although the expansion packs on the PC have somewhat fixed this with the introduction of new jobs, those aren't available for the consoles (though they should've been).  - BIG Con! The game may crash on you, depending on any number of unforseen things you might've done, such as building/filling your house too close to the Fire Code, moving into a new house, or just glitches, etc. The game might freeze/crash, not save or load, etc.  COULD BE EITHER PRO OR CON:  - The game is just way too easy, overall. Karma Powers aside, some things are just too convient. Yeah, I *do* like that I can use the Moodlet Manager to wake a sleepy Sim up seeing as they seem to ALWAYS be drowsy, and even with a good bed, can't stay awake for longer than 16 hours a day. But the Lifetime Rewards points, Skill Milestones, etc. just make the overall experience too easy. There's no challenge in anything, really. It's almost impossible to not get promoted in any given job. All you have to do is show up. It'll just take longer to get promoted than it would if you were trying. Epic Fail seems to be the only way you can not do well in any full-time job. That's kinda why, even with all the perks, I don't like this game as much as Sims 2, as Sims 2 was more challenging, which made it more fun.  Overall, it's a good game, but it's just not as 'fun' as The Sims 2 was. There's no Story Mode or Sandbox Mode here, which means no challenging story objectives and no ability to do whatever you want (without cheats). Also, some of the bugs and glitches actually ruin a lot of things, as well. I love the game, but I've actually gotten used to saving back-up files for my four families in case something happens. So far, I've only had to use one back-up to restore things from a corrupted save file, but still. These kinds of things shouldn't happen for something your paying hard-earned money for!"]
['This review is for the BlackWidow Tournament Edition Stealth Keyboard.  This keyboard is great. I love that the USB cable is detachable similar to the keyboards seen in the hobby circles (Ducky, Vortex, etc.). The included USB cable is braided, as small as this addition seems, it makes a big difference in the long term reliability of the cable.  The surface of the keyboard is a smooth matte finish. It has a nice heft towards the top due to the wedge shape which makes it feel sturdy. It also comes with a velvet carrying bag, making lugging this thing around hassle free if you are on the go.  Since this is a tenkeyless keyboard (as in to say it does not have a numberpad) it has a smaller footprint. Great for those with small desks and again, those on the go.  Let\'s talk switches. Razer has two types of switches: Razer greens and Razer oranges. If you are familiar with hobby mechanical keyboard then you have heard of Cherry MX, which is probably the leader in mechanical switches. The Razer greens are an equivalent to the Cherry MX blues. This keys have an audible "click" when typing. They are also the units you are likely to find in stores. However, this Stealth edition has Razer Oranges, which are more like the Cherry MX browns. They have a "tactile" feeling but remain quiet.  With that said, we should really discuss what I mean by "quiet". If you are expecting this to make zero noise, you need to reassess your exceptions. In effect, if the Razer Greens make a "click" sound, the Razer Oranges make a "clack" sound. But even though it makes a sound, it is still quieter than the greens or MX cherry blues. The oranges take the edge off the sound and removes the piercing "click", which can be distracting to those around you, people on vent, or in live-streams (unless you have some noise canceling going on in your mic). So again, it\'s a less obtrusive sound.  Now for the quality of the keys/switches;I prefer the Razer greens and Razer oranges over the MX Cherry equivalents. I prefer the action and "tightness" of the switch over those of the Cherries. I should be fair in saying that the switches will "break" in eventually during use, since this is a new keyboard, but this is true for any mechanical keyboard. The changes over time are not major, but I am hoping it retains the characteristics I enjoy of each keystroke over time.  The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because the keys are not backlit. This would be the perfect,  tenkeyless keyboard, if only the thing was backlit.  Razer, if you are listening, I would gladly pay $20 more for a Pro edition of this thing, that has the back lighting. Hell, make a Chroma version and charge $40 more.  If you do not mind the keys not being back-lit and are in the market for a tenkeyless keyboard, I would highly recommend this bad boy. But me personally?  This keyboard only made me want more. I ended up ordering the BlackWidow ultimate stealth because I really prefer to have something with back-lighting. And even though I order the tournament edition because I wanted to save on desk space, I didn\'t realize how much I would miss the number pad (I do 10 key typing quite often throughout the week).  What will happen to my Tournament Edition Stealth? I will be taking it with me to the office and using it at work. It will be a treat to use while typing up emails or sneaking in a CS:GO game during downtime ;)', "Mad Max the game follows Max(Who is presumably mad) as he journeys across the wasteland building up his car and gaining support from friends, and fighting enemies all in the quest to find the plains of silence.  I love the Mad Max movies, and I really wanted to love this game! it's just like a post apocalyptic version of Shadow of Mordor(Another game I didn't like, for the same reasons)...I just don't! However, this is just my personal taste..there's plenty to love, which I will talk about first, followed by why the game just didn't make my grade.  The combat is awesome! It's very fluid and has a similar feel to the combat from Arkham games as well as Shadow of Mordor.  HUGE open world! You can go anywhere and explore from day one!  Customization to your car! Add on stickers, paints, hood ornaments.....whatever! You can also purchase upgrades to your car to make it handle better or just withstand more of what the wastelands throw at you!  Customize yourself! As the game plays on, and you rank up you unlock various face skins that give you different looks...sometimes hair, sometimes beards...sometime just a lot of grime. You can also upgrade to new clothes, like the classic Mad Max leather jacket. You actually don't feel complete without it!  No need to go it alone! You can have your handy dandy Blackfinger(Mechanic) Chumbucket riding along with you to make on the scene repairs to your car. You also later on get a dog.   So, game sounds perfect right? What could I complain about...Here goes! Too much combat! Nearly every encounter ends in combat. There's not much in the way of plot. Sure, there's some vague plot, but it isn't expanded on as you progress really. There's no twists and not much in the way of surprises.  The wasteland gets BORING! As I mentioned before, it's HUGE! It's also a wasteland, which means there's not much to see! just open dirty mountainous regions. The area you start out is going to look similar to end game areas. It's difficult to tell where you are without the map, by using landmarks, cause there's very few landmarks!  Basically, I played through it, but I certainly didn't enjoy it. Although, if you are a fan of Shadow of Mordor, you might like this. I didn't like SoM for the same reasons.", 'First impression: WOW.  I was on the fence about VR from the beginning, but the more I saw of the games for PSVR got me interested enough to take the plunge and buy this without even playing it somewhere else first. I\'m so glad I did.  You really can\'t describe VR accurately to someone unless they\'ve experienced it. You really feel like you\'re in a completely different place. The sense of depth is incredible, and I found myself reaching up to grab objects in front of me because it felt like I could. It\'s a really neat sensation that you have to experience for yourself before you can understand it fully.  The graphics aren\'t as good as you see just playing a normal PS4 game on your HDTV, but the effect of being in the space of the game is so incredible that I really stopped noticing "graphics" and was focused on being there and playing whatever the game was. That said, I am getting the PS4 Pro next month which is supposed to improve the frame rates and graphical fidelity, because honestly anything you can do to enhance the experience is worth it in my opinion.  The headset itself was really easy to setup. Yes, there are a lot of cables, but I had it hooked up in less than 5 minutes, calibrated and ready to play in less than 10 total. The headset feels really nice and high quality. Very comfortable. It took me a couple of minutes to really get it fitted to my head where it felt perfect.  I haven\'t had a chance to play anything with the Move controllers yet, so I won\'t talk about those. The new camera is really nice and way smaller than I expected.  VR Worlds is really neat so far and I think probably the best way to introduce VR to the user. The Scavenger game made me just to TINY bit motion sick when I started moving around a lot. Not bad though. I think it will be a good idea for me personally to take dramamine if I know I\'ll be playing something where I\'ll be moving a lot. Still, really really cool stuff and I can\'t wait to play more.  All that said, I don\'t believe this is the future of gaming. I know there are people out there who think VR gaming will take over and no one will be playing just sitting on the couch and looking at their TV. VR is really cool, and perfect for certain types of games, but it\'s really only comfortable to play for shorter periods of time and I believe it will be used as a supplemental gaming device for parties when you have friends and family over, and for very specific games that are just better in VR.  Is it worth $500 (or $400), I would say absolutely. Don\'t take the footage you see on the internet of VR games and judge the games on that. You really have to experience them to understand what they\'re all about. Go to a retailer that has a PSVR that you can use, or find a friend that has one and try it for yourself.', "I have four Xbox 360's in my house since I use them as extenders for my Windows Media Center PC that runs my TV.  But one of them was the original Xbox 360 from the initial release when they first started being sold.  It still worked (no red ring of death) but was noisy as all you know what and didn't have a large hard drive.  I've got the Xbox One preordered already, but since games aren't backwards compatible I knew I have to keep a 360 system on my main TV in the great room anyway.  So I thought I'd take advantage of decent pricing and get a new one that will sit next to the XB1 when it arrives, that will be in warranty for a little while as well.  And this way I can move the slim into my Halo Vanguard portable gaming system, pull the elite out of there to put back into my room, and shuffle things about.  And all this will free up an Xbox I can give away to someone.  The unit itself is nice.  People are complaining about the lack of an optical audio out, so if you need that, the 360E is not for you.  I use HDMI so not an issue for me at all.  The controller is standard, as is the Kinect (although there's a bit more to the logo than my existing Kinect). The power brick is similar to the one for the Xbox 360 slim, but rather than two power barrels on the end, there's just one barrel with multiple sections on the cylinder.  There's a network port still which I like, since I don't like saturating my wireless with things that I can run plugged into my gigabit network here at home.  The unit is nice.  I like that it's more a match to the forthcoming Xbox One, and I like the less intrusive appearance from the front, since the power button and lights are a fraction of the size of previous version's power buttons.  This comes at a cost, however.  There is no longer any indication of what controllers are connected, like you used to be able to see with the four different quarter arc lights around the power button indicating player 1, player 2, etc.  There is no more indication of any controller connected whatsoever.  This is a bit of a deprecation, but since it's generally me and my 10 year old son playing, it's not something that impacts us.  The buttons are buttons again, not just sensors like the Xbox Slim had.  Physical clicking buttons for power and eject.  Fit and finish is nice.  But the big thing is the silence.  And it is VERY silent.  I'm about 15 feet away on the couch and can't hear anything at all from it.  Even up close, it's dead silent.  The drive also makes considerably less noise when reading discs than the slim or previous versions did.  It took me several hours to transfer content from the slim to this via a USB stick, and then the hassle for transferring licenses and redownloading things that I couldn't just transfer over in that process.  UI is smooth, I didn't see any difference here between this and any of the previous Xbox versions I have.  The games are alright, but don't buy it for the games since they're usually discounted separately now anyway.  And be aware, the racing game is a code only, you have to download all 6.8 GB before you can play it.  If you're looking for an Xbox 360 because you want to be able to play the games available, this is a great choice.  If you are looking to replace an existing older Xbox 360 for whatever reason like I was, it's a great choice.  If you're looking for any new features, there are none.  Some people prefer the looks of the Xbox 360 slim, so you can always get that without any loss of functionality compared to this one.  They're ALL going to be cheaper because of the push to get as many sold as they can before the Xbox One launches in another 22 days.  For the price, I thought it was a great deal, getting the games, the new style Xbox 360, and another kinect that my son can take with the Vanguard when he goes gaming elsewhere.", 'What\'s not to like? It\'s the best way to get into playing guitar and bass. You\'ll never find a teacher that will give you note-for-note feedback for every little thing you do, and sit there with you for thousands of hours until you get it right. But this game will.  And it\'s absolutely not just for beginners, either. There are songs that will challenge pretty much anyone. And, if you happen to be Eddie Van Halen or someone of similar skill where everything on guitar is super easy for you, you\'d still probably enjoy quickly and easily learning countless songs out there.  Yes, this "game" teaches real-world skills. This is not really a "game", but a legit learning tool.  The bass section is full, too. I\'m mostly a bassist, and there\'s plenty to do there. It does not cost anything extra to play the bass tracks. It\'s all included.  The only downside is that you\'ll want to buy additional songs. It comes with a good selection of songs, but you\'ll always want more. At three bucks for each separately purchased downloadable song, you can add up a visa bill over time.', 'This game is far more than a "hack and slash" game. I was wary of buying it because - not having played the previous games - I figured it would be hours of killing squishy masses while you steamroll all the way to the end credits. I was pleasantly surprised with the depth of the actual game.  Sure, you blow up legions of minor creatures, but that\'s a sort of mini-game between the actual content. The bosses are tough. The gameplay is a blend of cinematic and action easily on par with Uncharted 2. The gameplay itself is incredibly varied, outright epic in the sheer number of situations tossed at you.  And far from pushing random buttons.. you need to use proper ability combos, though how you decide to tackle a particular situation is up to you. Just as an example, there\'s a fight somewhat early on where you\'re up against a Gorgon (Medusa was a Gorgon, to give you an idea of what they look like) while harpies drop bomb-like things on you from the air. You have to jump/dodge to avoid what the harpies are dropping on you, while keeping the Gorgon occupied, as else she\'ll cast a spell that turns everyone in front of her to stone (and if you don\'t break out of that fast enough, anything can kill you in one hit). If you kill the harpies first (which requires latching on to them in turn, jumping up and tossing them onto the ground, etc.), a Minotaur spawns. If you kill her, another Minotaur and another set of harpies spawn. It\'s up to you to decide what order to take all of them out in. But here\'s an example of how the combat is up to you.. you can keep the Gorgon alive and go stand by the newly spawned Minotaur, wait for her to cast the stone spell, and jump/dive out of the way to turn the *Minotaur* to stone, taking him out in just a few hits (if you kill him the normal way, you get health, so it\'s up to you - kill him fast by risking getting hit with a powerful spell, or slowly and get some health out of it). The depth of combat is amazing!  There are also standard adventure game style puzzles, much like Uncharted 2 (complete with moving objects around, blowing things up, jumping/climbing/swinging around like a monkey, and some that are very difficult to figure out - I\'d recommend spending the 15 mins wondering "what the hell am I supposed to do here?! is this a bug?" instead of looking them up online, it\'s worth it).  There are RPG elements as well. You can upgrade your weapons in any order you want, collect items from somewhat hidden areas (explore, explore, explore!) which will increase your health/item ability (which boosts how long you can shoot your bow before waiting for it to recharge, for example)/mana (spells! you cast spells!), and gather new weapons and abilities as you go.  The graphics are also on par with (or very close to) Uncharted 2. The music, storyline, etc. help create an amazing atmosphere. The environments, like the rest of the game, will dazzle you with their depth and variety. I would suggest spending 5 minutes watching the storyline so far (dozens of videos on YouTube) to really get into it.  It\'s an amazing game. Having mastered the notoriously-difficult Demons Souls, I\'d have to say that playing this on Hard is much more difficult than Demons Souls ever was. Dismissing this as a hack and slash game is a huge mistake. This is a must-buy game for the PS3.', "I purchased the Kinect with the ideal of playing xbox with my sons 7 and 5.  Problems:  1. it takes significant space to play, so we have to move the couch out of the way.  2. the response of the kinect or what I call lag is pretty bad.  For example the dodge ball type game in adventures, you need to really anticipate your movement to strike a ball, it feels about a second slow.  3. my sons always have trouble playing because they simply move forward while playing and the sensor loses them, I have taped lines on the floor place a line of pillows but nothing really keeps them from moving forward.  4.  I am 6'5 and my sons are... well kids...the Kinect simply does not work well with the height difference.  5.  My kinect does not recognize different players.  It often is confused if my son trys to play it thinks its me just 3 feet shorter and it places the player is weird positions like on their knees.  6.  The games are pretty bad......my video game loving kids never ask to play kinect, they simply play Wii or DS.  To that end there are no games that I enjoy playing. So after 7 or 8 months of ownership we stopped using it after about the first month.  Granted I enjoy more adult games like COD, Bioshock, Gears of War, ect.... so I am not really the target audience, but it also does not appeal to my kids.  I LOVE my Xbox 360 I think it is an amazing machine but the kinect is very much NOT amazing.  Hope this helps!  Matt", "This was the third Splinter Cell game made.  The first two games were difficult so this game they made the gameplay easier.  You had plenty of weapons and gadgets to help you along the way.  The Artificial intelligent characters was easier to get around and defeat.  You can knock out an enemy or kill them most of the time.  Your score determines how you play the game.  If you play silently your score goes up.  If you play killing the enemy or getting caught your score goes down.  Its your choice.  The sounds are awesome.  You can hear the enemy talk to each other and the environments is amazing.  Gameplay is easier than the previous two games.  If your caught the game doesn't end.  It just makes the enemies alot more difficult to get past as they will be more alerted to your presence.  The controls are tight.  Its pretty easy to control your character.  There is an in game manual with video's on how to use your guns, gadgets, and controls.  You don't really need to look at the instruction manual.  But the graphics take a hit.  This game was released at the same time for the Xbox, PC, and Gamecube.  The Xbox and PC are superior.  Its difficult to see in the shadows, darkness and dealing with security camera's.  The developers could have modified the graphic engine like they did in the previous two games made for the PS2 but they didn't.  The Story is great and the voice acting is fantastic.  You can save at any time but save often.  They do offer a co-op campaign and its split screen.  A few stages that takes place during the single player campaign.  Also there is a stage select after you beat the game and multiple difficulty settings to play with.  My main gripe with the game is when you hack into the computers.  You have to line up the numbers properly but if you don't the alarms go off and then your in trouble.  I get really annoyed by it.  So I save before I try to break the code and after.  Its a real pain if your not good at it.  I still enjoy playing this game even though the gameplay and graphics aren't the best.  Get this game and Double Agent.  I got this game for less than five dollars.  But now you can get first three Splinter Cell games on PS3 and Xbox 360 with updated graphics.  Still you can't go wrong buying Chaos Theory but prepare to save often.", "I bought this as a child-friendly answer to the wii fit. My kids are younger and had a difficult time with the Wii fit because they weigh so little.  This is much easier for them to use and the games are fun, but the mat is frustrating. It may be easier with older kids (mine are preschool age). The main problem is that you can select items in the navigation with the wii remote, or the mat. Well when a young child finished an exciting game where they are doing a lot of jumping, they continue jumping. So the selection on the menu would change, or the kids would accidentally jump on the '+' on the mat, accepting the choice on the screen.  This also happened during the course of the games. The kids got so excited they couldn't run in place, and would step forward on the controller buttons and pause the game.  Being able to stay on the correct spots is a big issue. The kids look at the screen, not at the floor, so it is very easy for them to move from the correct space, especially in games that require jumping.  There are a few advantages over the Wii Fit (although I still wouldn't trade mine for the world!). This mat works well with smaller children because it registers their weight better. It also allows you to specify if the player is an adult or child. And, it is much easier to go back to the beginning to switch players. And there are many two player games, both competitive and teamwork games. Most Wii Fit games are one player.", "Since its release, early adopters of the PlayStation Move have been looking for new experiences tailored to mature and core audiences. The Fight: Lights Out is Sony's first real attempt to cater the PS Move towards these markets by providing violent and gritty bare-knuckle boxing action. Is this game a contender? Or is it destined to take a beating?  Starting with a fairly robust character-creation mode, the game immediately follows into a series of unintentionally-hilarious video tutorials hosted by none other than 'Machete himself', actor Danny Trejo. These videos manage to perfectly set the tone for everything else to come -- but not in a good way. From the gritty urban setting to an angry Trejo speaking as if he is passing a kidney stone, the game fails to muster any kind of edginess. It tries to be so tough, but watching Trejo teach you how to fight in an aggressively over-the-top way while waving hot pink and baby blue-lit PS Move controllers, makes it completely impossible to take seriously. The tutorial ends up being much more of a gut-buster than the fighting could ever hope to be. You'll be down for the count, but probably because you're rolling with laughter.  After undertaking a laborious calibration process (which happens before every single fight), Trejo will take you step-by-step through all of the basics you will need to learn in order to handle yourself in a fight. These include moving your fighter, ducking and weaving, blocking and throwing punches. These are all fairly self-explanatory, aside from the need to press buttons for certain actions that really shouldn't need buttons. You'd think that blocking would be as simple as holding your dukes up towards your face, but many times we would lose calibration and would have to hold the O button on the PS Move to calibrate the fighter in the right direction again. This can feel extremely unnatural and it'll take some time to get used to pressing it before you think about throwing your hands up.  Throwing punches seems like something that'd work quite naturally with the PS Move controller. Unfortunately, this isn't the case. No matter how hard and fast you throw your punches, your on-screen counterpart moves with the speed and precision of a blindfolded senior citizen trying to whack a piata. I kept finding that while some of the time my punches would hit their target, I'd also have a frustrating amount of my punches go way off the mark. It also doesn't help that even when your punches do connect, they are weak and ineffectual.  Moving your fighter involves holding down the Move button and tilting one of your Move controllers either to the sides or forward (Trejo's deadly serious demonstration of how this works is sensational). As the game requires you to stand in the same spot for the entirety of the fight, moving around at all will cause the camera to misplace you, making your punches even more inaccurate than they already are. Add to this the fact that most of opponents keep just walking backwards, or other classic fighting tactics, such as constantly walking around you in a circle and you will be spending much of the fight not punching with one hand because you're holding your controller forward in an effort to catch up.", "So much promise, so much offered, so much not delivered. On top of the surface Destiny is a beautiful coat of paint. However, once getting underneath the exterior it becomes an absolute grind on the same content over and over. loot tables defective, the fact that PvP is pushed far more than a open world we were promised is disheartening. Don't get me wrong, I been gaming for over 35 years and I can still compete in PvP rather well, however, we were promised a more open-world to forge our Destiny.  None of the content pushed or shown through E3 is in the game. Due to severe sickness I have been confined in the house so I had more hours than most to grind and play this game. Around lvl 25 it all went downhill and by lvl 27 it came to a screeching halt. The promise of open-world exploring, large amounts of solo content, etc. are not there unless you grind the same content over and over in patrols, etc. The end game is the raid and trying to gear up for it is a a chore.  Destiny also toted itself as a revolutionary social experience that is non existent. It lacks communication options for a game focused on co-op play. Heck, I would take WOW's Barrens chat over nothing at all with a mute and ignore option. The Tower and NPC's are static and Destiny toted a living, breathing world. So many fundamentally things wrong with such a beautifully promising game.  I don't think Destiny knows what it wants to be. In terms of an MMO its at the bottom of the free to play pool in terms of quality. As far as an FPS its rock solid. However, trying to implement the two along with melding some other genre's doesn't work well in Destiny. There is more fun farming and grinding for gear in ARPG's like Diablo 3, Grim Dawn, POE, etc.  So much promise and such a beautiful looking game. It took Blizzard how long to really get Diablo 3 where it is now and worthy game. I personally don't have time to wait around for Activision to do the same with this game. Very disappointed with Bungie and like so many others, they sold out to the cash cow. For a projected ten year game I can assure you that your going to be unloading your wallet to play content because that is all theis game is going to be a cash cow. Sad day truly Bungie...", 'Bonus points for any who caught the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Brian-Regan/dp/B001AXU1FK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Brian Regan</a>&nbsp;reference in the title...  In the past five or so years, two previously dormant video game icons have made major comebacks, starring in some of the best 2-D platformers in decades. Of course, I\'m referring to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Donkey-Kong/dp/B003ZHMMEM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Donkey Kong</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rayman/dp/B0050SX3KG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rayman</a>. Both characters offer games that are about as awesome as 2-D platformers get these days, and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze is yet another modern DK masterpiece to add to the list (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rayman-Legends/dp/B008AU4YEA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rayman Legends</a>&nbsp;was also stellar). This game is simply stupendous, in so many ways. Not only is it filled with nostalgia for the DK of my childhood, but it also adds a ton of new ideas that are not only cool for DK, but for 2-D platformers in general. This game is a real treat. Once again, Retro Studios has nailed it, and this game actually soothes some of the sting I felt at learning they were not developing a new&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Metroid-game/dp/B002ATY7JE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Metroid game</a>&nbsp;(Not gonna lie, it still hurts a little). If you don\'t like somewhat longer, detailed reviews, then give this one a pass. You\'ve been warned.  The story in DKCTF is very unique for the series. Once again, Retro has created an all-new villainous force for DK and co. to face called the "Snowmads," a ragtag army of arctic animals with a major Norse/viking theme. They rudely crash DK\'s birthday party with an invasion, driving all our favorite Kongs away from their home island while also redecorating it to suit their snowy tastes. Needless to say, they brought a polar vortex of their own, transforming DK\'s island paradise to a frigid arctic playground. Thus, DK and three of his closest companions begin a trek across several unique and totally different islands to take back his home. The premise is cool and all (Like that pun? No...? I\'ll see myself out...), but like all platformers, the story is there to introduce the platforming action and then take a step back to let the gameplay shine, and it does so well here.  The graphics in DKCTF are, putting it bluntly, drop-dead gorgeous. There\'s so much vibrant color and imagination in this game, it\'s fantastic! Because you\'ll be traveling across several different islands, you\'ll be treated to a huge variety in locales, all of which look awesome. From DK\'s frozen island, to an island filled with flaming boars, massive mountain crags, and Viking Owl villages, all in a beautiful autumn, to an island strewn with the wreckage of countless boats, planes, and ships (including&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samus-starship-cleverly-hidden-in-the-canopy-in-one-level-which-is-awesome/dp/B00006IJJK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samus\' starship cleverly hidden in the canopy in one level, which is awesome!</a>), to a jungle during harvest time filled with jelly, rivers of juice, and other food items (Yummy), there\'s no shortage of interesting level themes. Remember the beautiful silhouette levels from DKCR? They return in full-force here, making some levels look like they\'d belong in a sweet art house indie game. Lots of creativity in this game visually, you\'ll never be bored. Seriously people, this game is gorgeous, and it runs at a smooth 60 fps which is awesome. The new enemies are also really neat and full of character. While it\'s easy to miss the Kremlings, Retro has made up some equally charismatic and iconic villains to replace them, if you ask me. I love the Snowmads. Really, the charm in this game is everywhere. I love how Donkey will sit down and start playing a 3DSXL if left idle. I love the different personalities of the main characters. This game is full of charisma.  The sound design in the game is also fantastic. Lots of nostalgic sound effects return. I also really enjoy the voice actor\'s work on DK and the rest of the characters, even if it\'s all relegated to shouts, grunts, howls, etc. Best of all, this game sees the return of David Wise, the brilliant composer behind the original Donkey Kong Country trilogy\'s incredible music. Remember the unspeakably awesome atmosphere of songs like "Aquatic Ambiance" and "Stickerbrush Symphony?" This game has songs of that caliber (Both of those in addition to other fan favorites actually show up gloriously remixed, and the latter is evoked in the incredible "Alpine Incline").  Remember the bop-your-head-to-the-beat awesomeness of the original "DK Island Swing" or the dramatic epicness of "Flight of the Zinger?" Yep, that kind of greatness is here too. I would start listing off awesome tracks from the game, but pretty much *every* single song is stellar. No joke. I love David Wise\'s music so much. He hit it out of the park with this one. Recruiting him was very smart on Retro\'s part. Thank goodness he agreed to come back to the series. As a matter of fact, I\'d go as far as to say the soundtrack is a major, major selling point for this game. If they ever release this game\'s soundtrack, I WILL buy it immediately. I don\'t care if I have to import it from Japan, I *need* this game\'s soundtrack.  The gameplay in Tropical Freeze is, at its core, the same great formula introduced almost two decades ago, with even more of the refinement and freshness that DKCR introduced to the mix. You\'ll be enjoying a 2-D platformer with a tangible rhythmic quality to it that is very satisfying, with controls so tight you can bounce a quarter off the game and make change. Alongside Rayman\'s recent outings, you will not find a platformer with such great controls and unique, challenging level designs. You\'ll be collecting red balloons, banana coins, and literally hundreds upon hundreds of bananas. KONG levels and puzzle pieces are hidden cleverly in the levels. Mine carts return to turn you into a sweat-drenched, adrenaline-drained husk. Make no mistake, this game is ridiculously challenging, perhaps infuriatingly so for some gamers, which is something to keep in mind. DKCTF is a game that hearkens back to a time when dying in the same spot a couple dozen times in a row was due to a lack of player skill, not the game being "cheap" (so many games these days coddle gamers, it\'s nice to see old-school challenge in my opinion). Boss fights are a highlight as well. Most of them have multiple parts, each of which requires you to take a new and different approach. This makes boss fights super hard, but also very engaging and challenging, which I appreciate.  DKCTF also introduces quite a few new ideas to the DKC mix. For the first time since DKC3, DK and friends can swim. In my opinion, the controls in these segments are much better than they were in the old DKC games. Underwater levels in this game are actually awesome thanks to more than just the music this time. There\'s a lot more emphasis on 2.5-D in this game. During many barrel segments, the camera will change to a full-on 3-D view, which makes for some mind-bending challenge and exciting set-pieces. Even mine cart segments have some 3-Dish moments, which is awesome. The biggest change to the game is the introduction of two new characters. DK and Diddy return and play exactly as they did in DKCR. New to the game are *drumroll* DIXIE KONG, who plays similarly to Diddy but has a double jump of sorts that gives you some extra distance and height. Totally new to the series is CRANKY KONG (He hasn\'t been the star of a game&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/canonically/dp/B00002SVES/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">canonically</a>&nbsp;in a loooong while), who essentially uses his cane in true&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DuckTales/dp/B00F9N08WI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DuckTales</a>&nbsp;pogo fashion. Cranky\'s style is particularly unique, and so fun to use. While player-one can only ever play as DK, each of the three supporting characters add really fun and unique benefits to your move-set. All the characters are fun to play, whether DK for player one or the other three for player two, and the increased variety is really nice for people who love co-op gaming like my wife and I do. Overall, there\'s a lot of new ideas in this game, too many to count here. Suffice it to say, this is a major step forward for the DKC series, and most definitely not a rehash.  Let\'s face facts, this game rules for the most part, but there are some subjective aspects that some may not like. These should be pointed out for the sake of objectivity. Like I said earlier, this game is ridiculously hard, especially after you get past the first couple islands (and even those can be challenging!). This game will not coddle you. No, this game will kick your @$$ six ways to Sunday, and that will undoubtedly turn some gamers off. As much as I love co-op, you have to be so in tune with your partner to succeed, and the slightest mistake will ruin everything. My wife loves playing DKC with me. For us as a couple, DKCR and now this game have been majorly bonding at the best of times, and end-of-the-world fight inducing at the worst of times (I\'m only partially kidding, lol). All I\'m saying is the punishing difficulty and co-op don\'t always mix too well. Also, when playing co-op, they did not make a way for player-2 to quickly switch characters or drop in/out. You have to pause the menu, select the drop out option, then reconnect to pick a new character. That\'s a major pain. Perhaps worst of all, or least worst of all depending on your opinion, they did nothing to utilize the Wii-U\'s features in any meaningful way.  Don\'t expect any interesting implementation of the touch screen, gyroscope, etc. The gamepad\'s screen isn\'t even on if you select to play off of the T.V, in fact. Rather than a Wii-U showpiece, this is just an awesome traditional hardcore DK experience that happens to be exclusive to the Wii-U, which I\'m perfectly happy with. Focusing on the core experience in development is always better, I say  I don\'t know how Retro does it, but every game they make is just pure gold. They must employ Midas or something. I\'ve played for many hours by now, solo and with my wife, have reached several islands, conquered several bosses, and I\'m really thinking that this is the best Donkey Kong game I\'ve ever played. I\'m not just blowing smoke or using hyperbole. This game is just pure, refined 2-D platforming gold, and I absolutely love it. DKCTF makes DKCR look like an extended demo in comparison, and I LOVE DKCR, so that really is a testament to the greatness of Retro\'s work on Tropical Freeze. I love this game, and if you are a fan of old-school gaming challenge, platformers, Donkey Kong, Nintendo, or just awesome games in general regardless of genre, then get this game immediately. Buy it, prepare an epic trek across several islands, and save your precious home and banana hoard from the Snowmads!', 'Ah THE TERMINATOR for the sega cd. If you own a sega cd,  this is a Must have period!  If you\'ve seen the movie (who hasnt?) then you know the premise of the game.    You play Kyle Reese  who is sent back in time  to l. A. circa 1984 by John Connor. the mission,  to stop  the terminator that skynet has sent to kill sarah Connor.  you must protect her at all costs  and to defeat the terminator!  (lots of fun here)  the sega cd version really shines  over the regular genesis version.  first off you get a killer soundtrack, smoother  gameplay, great graphics. this title makes the sega cd a winner!  this version also has more levels that the regular version..meaning more fighting in the future that is only briefly shown in terminators one, two, and 3...(but expanded greatly in terminator salvation)  in this game  we get to fight out way into skynet and attempt to stop the terminator from going through(hes a boss on that level)  then" Arnold"  goes through the time displacement equipment  and you go after him...the device is destroyed..the the fight continues in 1984...  this game has to be the most faithful to the material  out of the terminator games ive seen.  it has some of the choppy full motion video for flim clips  but that can be easily overlooked.  lots of action, awesome weapons..id you own a sega cd  grab this title.  if your thinking of getting a sega cd for your collection..this should be bought with it..its that good.   its one of the best  terminator games out there.  just check out the other reviews  im not alone on this.  LIke Arnold says in the films "ILL BE BACK" and you will too,  when you keep coming back for more with this great game.  as for some of the sellers here charging 40 plus for this game..its insane !  sure, its great  but its not that hard to find.  i got mine a few weeks ago for 8.bucks  mint condition here on amazon ...it pays to look around', "This has been one of the best games have ever played. And I have played A LOT of shooter/action games. The graphics are absolutely stunning and that's one of my favorite things about video games. It's more realistic and the story line is good, and the characters are interesting as well. There are a lot of different weapons to choose from too. The game can be challenging at first, getting used to it. If you're used to your run of the mill shooter games. But this game is definitely worth sticking with and playing all the way through. I couldn't stop playing it. I had to pre-order it because I was so excited to play it. I couldn't ask for more, except that they make another. Definitely the best PS4 game I've played so far. I really like Infamous Second Son as well. And I'm playing Far Cry 4 at the moment, but it just isn't nearly as good as Dying Light so it's hard keep my mind on it. Best Zombie game I've played by far!"]
["I've only experienced some minor glitching on my version of the game. From time to time my character or vehicle will get stuck and not be able to move which lasts for about 20 or 30 seconds. I find that happening once over 2 or 3 gaming sessions so it's not a major issue. I've only had the whole game shut down during multi player over the past 2 weeks of playing, so again not a major issue. I suppose we expect absolute perfection all of the time in today's media age but considering what this game delivers is pretty amazing in my book. The attention to detail from the graphics to the upgrades and game play from dice is novel.  The game itself rocks, although it is truly not a new battlefield from the 3rd but more of an improved. Like everyone else is saying; if you liked battlefield 3 than you will also love this one. I'm impressed with how smoothly the game runs on my sli pair of 550gtx with only 1 gig of video memory. I play on high settings during 64 player battles very smoothly. For 29 bucks this is definitely worth buying.  UPDATE:  So after updating the game which was required to launch it I am experiencing very poor ping rates on most servers. Many times on clicking a server the ping will randomly change from like 50 to 200. Then when the game finally does launch I am constantly experiencing server lag and hang ups when trying to move around. I used to experience this in battlefield 3 and it drove me nuts and makes the level useless to play when that happens. So much for the 5 stars. They had it almost perfect until that update for some reason and now it pretty much sucks and is frustrating as a smooth game is now like playing the roulette wheel because you never know what you're gonna get as you try to reconnect many times until you finally get a game that works. I don't know if these guys are smoking too much crack or what but what's up with updates that screw the game over? Not too bright in my opinion. Just leave it the f alone.", 'For summary judgment, skip to the very bottom.  I\'ll never understand Sega\'s game release date logic.  They often release some simply outstanding games (Skies of Arcadia, Valkyria Chronicles, Sonic Adventure, NiGHTS on Sega Saturn, Shining Force, and now this), but when they release them, it\'s amidst larger, more notable games, and as a result the Sega games get kicked to the curb.  In particular they did that with Valkyria Chronicles - it was released, surrounded by two of the largest games at the time, Call of Duty: World at War and Gears of War 2.  It never stood a chance.  Nevermind the fact that Sega never even bothered to advertise Valkyria Chronicles in GameStop or Amazon or any other game store.  I only knew about it because I specifically target RPGs.  We\'ve got people who are just now playing the game, realizing that they skipped over a classic.  Resonance of Fate is/will be such a game too.  Overshadowed by the hype that is Final Fantasy XIII and God of War 3, I fear that this one will go under the radar and not get played for two years like its brother.  If you\'re reading this review, hopefully you\'re at least curious, or maybe you just weren\'t impressed by Final Fantasy XIII.  I suppose it\'s possible you already beat that game and moved on.  In either case, this review is going to be a bit difficult to follow, because I have to exert extra effort into how to express what I think about this game.  Not bad, just...different.  RoF takes place in the distant future, where humanity has so destroyed the world that the majority of the population is gone and dead.  Before their end they created a large machine, called Basel, that is designed to purify and replenish the earth.  It was not able to do this, as the remaining population decided just to live on some of the levels of Basel and ended up ruining it.  It\'s livable, but not able to do what it\'s designed to do.  The story unravels slowly as you are introduced to the various characters of the game.  Unlike other RPGs, there is no "meeting" your party.  You start with all three of the characters you\'ll be using, and though one or two may leave or be otherwise not available at times, generally you\'re working with the three.  There\'s a reason for this - the battle engine, which I\'ll get to later, works best when you have a full staff.  IT\'s not for nothing though: there\'s something to be said about a game that actually shows its male characters watching porn while the female character is taking a shower...then cracks jokes about the size of said female character\'s breasts (no, there is no nudity displayed!)  The graphics in RoF remind me a lot of Infinite Undiscovery, Star Ocean: The Last Hope or Magna Carta 2 - where everything looks like the screen is at maximum contrast and sharpness and things just "pop" at you.  This can be good or bad - it\'s an acquired taste and certainly not nearly as visually stunning as Final Fantasy XIII, but it\'s not a horrible looking game, either.  In fact some of the towns and buildings you\'ll visit are quite detailed, down to things moving in the background and the changing from day to night (something very few RPGs do anymore, by the by) as you adventure.  There are a given number of game engine cutscenes, and a select few CGI full motion ones.  What is there, is fairly short and not designed to be the focal point of the game by any means.  The cutscenes last barely a minute each, and are snippets of the overall story.  The majority of it is told through the quests and the dialogue between the characters, so if you\'re not a fan of reading, you might want to skip this game.  Don\'t expect to see the usual swords and spears of other games.  RoF uses guns and other artillery to get the job done.  These guns can be customized with different parts to make your characters as powerful as you want them to be.  Your weapons also have levels of their own besides the characters\' levels.  As you level up, you gain various skills and enhancements that make your characters more potent in battle...and trust me, you\'ll need them.  Some battles are extremely simple, but you get to bosses that use certain strategies that will push your skills to the limit.  In regular battles there are times you seem invincible; some bosses can bring you to your knees with a few shots.  It\'s that random.  You can run and shoot in given directions, jump and shoot your enemy into the ground, or juggle your enemy into the air from below.  There are a variety of other techniques that you can leverage to assist you, all of which require a lot of multitasking to do.  It\'s not the type of game you can button mash your way through - maybe a few of the regular enemies, definitely not the bosses.  For example, you might run, but be stopped by a boss who levels you with a major attack.  Depending on how much damage you\'d taken up to that point, you might be sent into critical mode, which makes you so weak that all you can do is shoot and run away; no fancy tricks.  One more hit, you\'re dead, and have to try all over again.  Without going into too much detail about the battle engine, know that it feels like a mish-mash of a number of games from the past: Max Payne, for the acrobatic gunslinging; Wild ARMs, just because; and a pinch of Dark Cloud, in that the enemies you defeat hold the key to "rebuilding" the world around you.  As you slay each enemy, you\'ll gain energy hexes that are used to navigate the world.  This naturally forces you to do battle in order to advance in the game, and discourages you from running from every enemy.  You really shouldn\'t be about running anyway...because you\'ll come up against a boss that will mop the floor with you in short order if you don\'t keep your party sufficiently powered up. If you\'re feeling adventurous, RoF features a number of difficulty levels that you can unlock as you beat the game, each one incrementally more challenging than the ones before it, with the base level being difficult enough as to frustrate most reviewers.  If you\'re a glutton for punishment, the game will give you what you came for.  However, I want to warn you: The battle controls are a bit difficult to learn.  There are so many controls that make use of basically every single button that they can be overwhelming.  There is a full on training section; use it.  DO NOT try to just jump into the game and start playing without going to the training, because you will get killed and you will get confused, I promise you!!!  Resonance of Fate is a throwback to older games such as Ninja Gaiden, Mega Man and the NES versions of Metal Gear, where you\'ll encounter bosses that are so cheap that you feel compelled to defeat them no matter the cost.  To the game\'s credit, it never feels like you\'re underpowered or underleveled, because you were forced to grind to unlock the energy hexes.  But it\'s the tactics used by the bosses that will frustrate you - attacks that take nearly 10x the damage you\'re accustomed to taking up to that point, attacks that go the full range of the map, and attacking you from behind cover.  But it gets better: the game rubs this dynamic in further when you die, because you\'re given essentially three options.  Load your game, which means you\'re strolling back however far from wherever you last saved; Retry, which lets you try again to beat the boss without walking back to him at a cost of 200 Rupees, or Retry in Hero Mode, which lets you try again to beat the boss without walking back to him AND gives you enough power to do some major damage, at a cost of a staggering 20,000 Rupees.  It\'s entirely possible these amounts go up as you progress each chapter; I didn\'t die enough times to verify.  But you can\'t help but be absolutely livid at the notion that a boss used a cheesy tactic to take you out, costing you precious money to get a second shot at him.  It actually encourages and energizes you to beat the snot out of him when you regenerate.  What\'s worse though, is that if any one of the three characters dies, it\'s Game Over.  There is no reviving in this game, which just adds to the challenge.  IF I had to note the most impressive thing about the game, it\'s the music.  Clearly, Star Ocean was inspirational when deciding what tracks to compose for this game, because it\'s just as well orchestrated and intricate as SO.  Every theme you encounter has an epic feel without being too overpowering or loud; and the battle music changes depending on what you\'re doing at any given time.  I can assure you that I\'ll be getting the soundtrack...that is, if one is ever released, which it probably won\'t be.  In summary: do I recommend it?  Absolutely.  This is a sleeper hit for sure.  It\'s a shame that it is being overlooked in favor of other more notable games, and it\'s even more a shame that Sega has not pushed this one harder.  It almost seems like Sega has just stopped emphasizing the US market since the failure of the Dreamcast which is unfortunate: if not for them, we wouldn\'t have the types of games we have now.  Resonance of Fate is a must try.  Even if you don\'t feel comfortable buying it just yet, rent it at least.', 'So far, so good. Set-up was fairly easy, although the manual does not really cover how to use the remote to control devices; rather it covers how to program the remote to control your devices.  Use of the remote itself is somewhat intuitive, but it can be a little confusing figuring out the in\'s and outs.  As for setting up this remote to control my devices, it was fairly easy. I was able to use the "auto search" method to program my tv, but was unable to do the same for my soundbar.  The problem was that while entering auto search for my sound bar, the television would turn off while the remote was searching for codes. The device turning off is a sign that the remote has found an acceptable code to control the device, so by the television turning off first, the remote never found the sound bar. No problem. I manually entered the four digit code for my sound bar and was all set.  Now here\'s the great part about this remote. My television is a smart-tv and it\'s hard to find a 3rd party universal remote that allows me to access the smart-tv functionality.  Just take a look. Most universal remotes under 50 dollars don\'t have a button that allows you to bring up your apps, main menu, etc.  Well, this remote has a "learning" option, which allows you to program one of the four colored buttons on the remote to "learn" a function the remote otherwise didn\'t do.  So I followed the directions and was able to "teach" this remote to bring up my smart apps, main menu and input selection for my soundbar.  Note: the green colored button is set by default to control input functionality.  So far so good. Again, setup wasn\'t as easy as it could have been, and as many others are stating in their reviews, there are some apps that do not as of yet allow use of the remote, but hey, I went from using two remotes and a controller to just one. Oh, and not having to use the controller to pause and rewind movies is worth the price of admission on its own. Great product. Only loses a star because I had to manually input the code for my soundbar.', 'I am going to be honest here, as a Sims fanatic (starting since the original Sims, followed by Sims Bustin\' Out, The Sims 2, and The Sims 3) I actually enjoy The Sims 4.  Surely, most of you have noticed or heard about the Sims 4 having a split neighborhood system rather than the full open world the Sims 3 had to offer. In my honest opinion, I really wish they had kept the open world aspect rather than worry about performance issues, but on the brightside, lower end PCs can handle the Sims 4.  I have played the game since its launch to its most recent patch, and I honestly got used to the gameplay and style. I personally enjoy the fact that emotions play a larger part in the Sims 4, and what really tops my list would have to be the multitask feature that I have been waiting for since the Sims 2! You wouldn\'t believe how much I wanted to eat chips and watch TV at the same time or even read a book in the restroom! Sure, it may not sound like much to most people, but it just adds that touch of realism.  It should be noted that this game may disappoint the hardcore Sims 3 lover. I was also let down in the beginning of The Sims 4\'s launch, but eventually they slowly fixed their minor wrongs which made me enjoy the game a little bit more. (Thank goodness for bringing back the pools!) All in all, the Sims 4 plays similar to Sims 2 in the fact that you can pretty much only fool around on your own lot and have to go through loading screens just to go to community lots and such. That was thing I didn\'t really miss, but as a major Sims 2 fan, I don\'t really mind the "single lot" system. At least the Sims 4 included somewhat of a neighborhood which needs to be occupied, rather than go fully back to its roots.  Now for the premium goodies. You get access to 3  DLC 1. The Sims 4 Up All Night Digital Content 2. The Sims 4 Life of the Party Digital Content 3. The Sims 4 Awesome Animal Hats Digital Content  Each of the three additional downloadable content provides minor addons to your game that don\'t truly make a difference in gameplay, but still, who wouldn\'t want those animal hats, right?  In addition to those, you also obtain the Creator\'s Guide Hardcover Book, which includes Sims 4 artwork and tips.', 'Ok, I admit, deep down I was kind of excited about this expansion pack coming out.  I love The Sims but lately I have refused to dish out any more money to them until EA started to make some quality content.  To-date, I still don\'t own "Generations."  I mean, come on, a mid-life crisis ep?!  Their entire creative team banged their heads on their desks and that\'s what came out?! I play The Sims to escape real life not recreate it!  After much trepidation, I\'m pleased to inform you that "Pets" definitely did not disappoint.  I\'ve been playing it for about six hours straight and this expansion has managed to rekindle my passion for Sims.  It\'s refreshing and puts a completely new spin on how you can play the game.  What really makes this particular version of pets stand out from the others is your ability to control the animals.  Finally!  I know in Sims 2 there was a cheat but you could never cancel actions, only queue them up.  This led to annoying little situations where your sim couldn\'t possible step OVER the sleeping cat to get into the shower.  But this is no longer an issue.  You are in complete control of your pets and, even better, the pets are almost completely self-sustaining if you turn on free will.  So you get all of the pros and very few of the cons found in previous pets expansions.  The dogs and cats are very similar to that found in Sims 2.  They\'re cute, they\'re fun.  Aside from the fact that you can tell the dog to NOT destroy the furniture, there\'s not much to report.  Which brings us to the horses.  At long last, EA has heard our pleas!  The horses are fantastic and really make the game feel "different."  I really appreciated the fact that you can see the sim mounting and dismounting.  A nice touch compared to the way they just suddenly appear in cars. The horses are a form of transportation so you can pretty much toodle around the entire town on one and never get a car.  There is a new town in this ep.  I found Appaloosa Plains to be rather charming.  It very much feels like a laid back country town.  It has a dive bar to hang out along with all of the buildings from "Ambitions."  Many of the houses are sprawling ranches instead of suburbia feeling.  I highly recommend Pets.  It\'s definitely one of the best expansions so far for the Sims 3.  It actually feels like EA put effort into making it.  Like it\'s really something new rather than just a glorified stuff pack.  Shocking, I know.', 'The game itself is pretty fun.  It\'s mostly a series of timed target and critter shooting with increasing levels of difficulty (at least as much as I\'ve explored so far).  If you like shooters that are more cartoonish, this one is pretty decent.  The drawback, however, is the game controller attachment - the thing you connect your controller and nunchuk to so you can more easily do the actual shooting and maneuvering.  In short, it\'s really awful.  In order to use it properly, one must put the left hand on the back to maneuver, the right hand on the front and aim pretty much like a dweeb who has never shot any kind of firearm.  Movement is awkward while firing and firing is extremely inaccurate while moving.  The best thing to do is to try to use the controller as a pistol (although it fails at that due to the two-handed design and the front-grip on it for shooting instead of the back grip).  To list the controller\'s drawbacks: 1. The length is too short for a rifle-style shooter. 2. Integrating the nunchuk into the weapon was a stroke of stupidity for any kind of shooter.  As a rifle, the hand placement is backwards.  Even when shooting a pistol, if one does it two handed, the left hand is cupping the right, not six inches behind the right hand. You\'ll do better in the game if you leave the nunchuk unattached and use it in your free hand. 3. Stand WAY BACK from your television to get any similarity between your aim point on the screen and the place the target gets hit.  (At least 10 feet) 4. If you have the rechargeable battery pack, the Wii controller it has a real hard time fitting into the module.  Try not to force it or it will break.  If this is your only shooter game, you\'ll tire of it quickly with this attachment for the controller.  I\'ve purchased another shooter controller, the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wii-SureShot-Rifle/dp/B001LY0QJ4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wii SureShot Rifle</a>, and tossed in a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Perfect-Shot-for-Wii/dp/B000X2RKOO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Perfect Shot for Wii</a>&nbsp;just for fun.  I prefer rifle and pistol-style shooting over the "crossbow" this controller has.  Once I get those attachments, I\'ll edit this review and update my experience.', "I am just going to come out and say it, I am a saw fan, like a really big saw fan.  So when I heard that they were making a game, I couldn't wait and I think the wait was worth it.  Now before I continue you should know that this is not a game to revolutionize games, its just a really fun puzzle game. Let's start with the puzzles. The puzzles are of a good variety from manipulating rooms to find the combination, manipulating your perspective so you know which way to go, and pretty much all of the traps that you have come to love from the saw movies.  Some of these will challenge you, and actually make you think, because you will have to really change the way you look at some of these puzzles in order to finish them. Another part is the combat.  Now its not the best set up, but you get used to it.  The character does hit a little slow, but that did not stop me from finishing it.  You will use weapons from the nail bat, shovel, scalpel, and a revolver.  Also you will find schematics in order to create traps, you can also disarm and rearm the shotgun trip wire traps for anyone that might be following you. I will say that you will be picking locks, setting fuses, and shutting off gas pipes a good amount.  This is the repetitive part of the game, but its not that bad. I should mention that this is probably a game for saw fans only.  That is because unless you like the story, characters, and all around saw atmosphere, you might not be able to get past the less then perfect combat or some of the repetitive puzzles.  But I will tell you why you should give it a try anyway.  One is the length, this is one of the few games with a good length in the campaign so you will not be done in like three hours.  Another reason is the trophies,  if you are looking for trophies then this is your game.  I finished the game today and only needed one more trophy before a platinum.  So even if the saw movies aren't you thing, go out and try this game because you will never know until you try it.", 'I own a Copperhead and a Death Adder and I love both mice. But I wanted something that was..."best of both worlds" per say. And the Lachesis turned out to be the perfect weapon for me.  It\'s shape is what I hear a lot of people complain about, but for me it fits rather well. It\'s designed to be for palm grips and claw grips for some users and it\'s really quite comfortable and sleek, like some kind of well crafted sword. It does require a small learning curve, but once you get used to the shape it works really well for First Person Shooters. It\'s fully customizable, you can change your dpi settings in ANY way you like and you can change the buttons to perform macros and be extra mouse buttons so you can map your favorite weapon or melee on the mouse. It\'s very fast, and sensitive too thanks to it\'s 3g sensor. All and all, it\'s a very nice package and comes with a lot of cool features that make it perfect for pc gaming.  There are some issues though, one being that the cursor jumps. On higher dpi settings, when you press click on your mouse, it\'ll actually move the cursor on your screen. A problem for some, but it didn\'t bother me really. Another is the double clicking, if it\'s too high you\'ll have trouble simply opening programs (clicking on desktop icons, etc). Again, not that big of a deal, just decrease double click sensitivity. And as far as the firmware and drivers go, I honestly didn\'t even have any problems with them, and I\'m running on a 64 bit vista.  Overall, the Lachesis rocks, plain and simple. Great features, comfortable to use, and looks amazing. Definitely worth every penny that you\'ll spend.', "A very nicely balanced game which goes beyond the previous titles by adding elements that add interesting diversity in game play.  The previous titles had such incredibly rendered versions of historical cities and even opportunities for a bit of education while you play. And while I did enjoy playing them for a time, they got a bit (dare I say it) boring over time. While initially interesting, the missions became too similar. And no matter how historically accurate and interesting the building, climbing up my 30th ancient edifice only to dive into yet another cart of hay from an improbable height and after assassinating my 99th bad guy from the safety of said concealment, I wanted to move on.  Black Flag adds a lot of interesting elements that eliminate the boredom factor. Sailing around the world engaging in naval battles is an entirely new and welcome addition. And if and when this ever becomes a bit dull, there are plenty of cities, towns and jungle settings to explore and, yep, people to assassinate. Combat is much improved as well. While I really enjoy the stealth aspect of the game, it's nice to occasionally attack adversaries head on. In previous games you'd quickly become overwhelmed with more than a few and combat was a bit difficult to master. This game stays true to its swashbuckling pirate nature by allowing you to run into a hoard of enemy sailors and hold your own while waiting for the rest of your crew to come to your aid. But you will become overwhelmed eventually (as you should) but you can choose stealth or a more direct assault as it fits the situation. In addition, there are other entirely new aspects to the game like crafting that actually means something, hunting, and underwater expeditions. And the ocean feels alive! The occasional storm pops up along with devastating water spouts (which incidentally scare the bejeesus out of me :) and tsunamis which are pretty frightening themselves. And the story itself is entertaining and actually seems to go somewhere.  There are a few minuses that don't detract significantly from the game - Examples include the inevitable stalk / listen in on a conversation missions (annoying as all heck) and those times when you get pulled out of the animus back into the real world for a tack-on story that you're absolutely not interested in. (Is it just me that would rather stay in the assassin world and never go back to the real world? Is the entire idea of the animus kind of a pointless complexity? Yeah, maybe it's just me.) Fortunately, though, you do get to stay within the story for the vast majority of the time in this one.  Overall, great addition to the franchise and a huge step forward.", 'The Ultimate Puzzle Games - Sudoku Edition is the best Sudoku software I have tried.  It has many choices for puzzles:  the Classic 9 x 9 grid with Easy, Medium, Hard and Extreme levels of difficulty.  It offers also the Eight 8 x 8 or Mini 6 x 6 grid with Easy and Medium levels.  Has also a Junior grid which is a 4 x 4 with an Easy level.  It offers from the very basic, beginner level to the extreme hard puzzles.  If you get interrupted and cannot finish the game, YOU CAN SAVE IT if for later by pressing the START button on the DS console.  A Menu opens offering a Game sub-menu with choices for Restart Puzzle, Solve Puzzle or Quit.  Next is the Options sub-menu with the choices for SAVE, Reset Best Time, Music, ERROR HIGHLIGHT, Background and How to Play.  Besides this, when playing the game you have on the screen icons that allow you to pencil-in or erase candidates, erase entries, undo last move or redo last move.  I have played the Sudokus that come with the BRAIN AGE games and prefer the ones from the Ultimate Puzzle Games Sudoku Edition.  The BRAIN AGE software frequently has trouble recognizing the numbers I am trying to pencil-in or enter, showing a 9 when I am trying to enter a 4, a 1 instead of a 7, and so on.  It is quite annoying.  With the Ultimate Puzzle Games Sudoku Edition I DON\'T HAVE THIS PROBLEM, the numbers are tapped in, they are not "written" by hand.  Also, the BRAIN AGE Sudokus do not offer the different kinds of Sudoku puzzles the Ultimate Puzzles Sudoku Edition offers, nor do they have the unlimited number of puzzles this software can create.  The Ultimate Puzzle Games Sudoku Edition software is the one I prefer and I highly recommend it as the best.', "gave arrived fast and in perfect condition. The pros: -The game looks great for a 360 game. -The production and build quality including dialogue are great.  The Cons: -Terrible control (like all rockstar games) -Getting caught on random plants, trees, rocks. -The beginning of the game throws so many instructions at you that you cant read it and have to end up guessing what to do half the time. -This game is your typical drive ( in this case ride) and map game. -For some reason the developer put the map in the start menu THEN you need to select the map ( which is a huge waste of time and gets super repetitive and annoying.) Like, why didn't they just make SELECT the map button like 99 percent of other games for quick access? WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?? -Some quests are so easy but the instructions are not specific so you will fail even the basics of tasks, leaving you feel unproductive and unsuccessful at the game. -I am a huge fan of 100% games in acheivments and i can already tell its not ganna be possible. - The combat system is terrible, you will attempt to hide behind a odd shapped rock, and unless you approch it from the perfect angle, you will be exposed and still take damage. - Also like all other types of games like this, if you get to cover with multiple places to take cover, you will have a 10% chance of actually going to the correct location of cover you wanted to go to. For example, if there is a wall infront of you, but a rock to the right that is closer, you will auto take cover to the rock instead of the clear choice of taking cover by the wall, probably cause you were closer to the rock.  I don't know, maybe i just suck at this game, but i have so many video games that i understand more than this one. GTA 5 i didn't like either, nore assassins creed. And i realise all these reasons are small, but rockstar puts out alot of games that take weeks to beat, so these issue repeated for awhile get 1000x more fusterating over time. Maybe its the type of video game. I don't know.  Update 7/9/17 (still 3 stars) - The game is pretty addicting once you get good at it. - The Characters really unfold and expand like they should which i love.  The reason this review is still 3 stars is a reason everyone has bought it or is going to buy it will understand. Undead Nightmare is just unplayable.  It breaks my heart to say this but Undead Nightmare was a big selling point for me and the amount of bugs and constent issues makes it something i have to turn away from.  Issues like: Invisible heads and arms for all humans/zombies Unlimited zombie spawn while clearing graves (deeming it unbeatable) The detector for the amount of zombies killed to save towns freezes, making it impossible to mark new cities on your map. Everytime you save, it WILL freeze at a black screen, forcing you to quit the app and reload it.  If you have patience, go for it. The glitches will momentarily be fix when restarting the app but will 100% come back after 20+ minutes of gameplay.  Rockstar is one of the biggest gaming developers there are and they refuse to fix these issues even though there are MASSIVE amounts of complaints about these issues pouring from their website. Its very sad to see such a good game be destroyed by lazy game developers.", 'I got this simply because I wanted to see how "cool" the Sims 3 was compared to the Sims 2. This edition of the Sims isn\'t the most enjoyable or the most innovative. E.A. games did try adding more in the Sims 3 as compared to the Sims 2, but at the same time they got rid of allot to. They also made the on screen menu during game play more difficult to get used to. The Sims 2 had an easier set up that didn\'t take much time to figure out. (for example in the Sims 3 you half to be in live mode to save a lot, in the Sims 2, you could be in build, buy, or live mode to save a lot)They did do some cool things with the Sims 3 like they added more cars and improved the Sim creator a bit, but it feels like this game has more flaws than positive things to say about it. they really toned down the graphics and it lags allot on my PC. My PC runs great with no problems when playing the Sims 2 but the Sims 3 is way slower and freezes more than 2 and the graphics don\'t look as good as 2 ether and I have a pretty good video card using an HDMI cable running at 1080p. I don\'t know why E.A. Games keeps doing this to the Sims but they seem to degrade every sequel to the Sims (makes each sequel have less than the last) E.A. games really needs to step up their game if they want to follow through with a Sims 4. They did a great job of making the Sims 3 look cool in the trailers and game intros but trust me it could be way better over all. I honestly expected more even with the basic edition of the Sims 3. Looks like I\'m going to be playing more of the Sims 1 & 2 more than 3. E.A. games; please make a better Sims sequel next time!', "I'm a fan of the harvest moon series, and this game has very good aspects, except for one major flaw, which totally ruins everything. The reviews I read before buying it failed to mention it.  You can plant crops, raise monsters that you befriend in dungeons, instead of animals. You have about 10 or so posible girlfriends that you can marry, and it overall seems to promise alot.  The problem is that in this game exists something called Runeys. They are spirits, that you must take care of every day. The things is there are 4 types of Runeys, and they eat each other if you leave them alone. If they don't have anything to eat they starve. There are 9 or 8 areas in the game. For every one of the areas that is left without runeys your crops delays one or two extra days per stage of growth to harvest. You could end up growing turnips in 18 days! Turnips usually grow in 4.  The worst part is that the game barely mentions them, but not the consequences or how they work. And if you manage to understand how the runey system works by reading on forums, it is still annoying because you can only manage them by using a harvester, which can catch from 0 to max 5 or 7 runeys at a time. And there are 60x4+240 runeys per area, and it use takes about 5 seconds before you gain control again. And to worsen it even more, when it rains, about 3/4 of the runeys don't appear, so the ones that do, are even more spread out, and you can only catch at most 2 or 3 if you're lucky with each use of the harvester.  You can't ignore them or you can't grow anything. And if you decide to keep tham alive, after hours of learning how they work, you must spend about 12-20 in game hours to manage them...  Don't buy this game, it's the worst...!!!", "I've only experienced some minor glitching on my version of the game. From time to time my character or vehicle will get stuck and not be able to move which lasts for about 20 or 30 seconds. I find that happening once over 2 or 3 gaming sessions so it's not a major issue. I've only had the whole game shut down during multi player over the past 2 weeks of playing, so again not a major issue. I suppose we expect absolute perfection all of the time in today's media age but considering what this game delivers is pretty amazing in my book. The attention to detail from the graphics to the upgrades and game play from dice is novel.  The game itself rocks, although it is truly not a new battlefield from the 3rd but more of an improved. Like everyone else is saying; if you liked battlefield 3 than you will also love this one. I'm impressed with how smoothly the game runs on my sli pair of 550gtx with only 1 gig of video memory. I play on high settings during 64 player battles very smoothly. For 29 bucks this is definitely worth buying.  UPDATE:  So after updating the game which was required to launch it I am experiencing very poor ping rates on most servers. Many times on clicking a server the ping will randomly change from like 50 to 200. Then when the game finally does launch I am constantly experiencing server lag and hang ups when trying to move around. I used to experience this in battlefield 3 and it drove me nuts and makes the level useless to play when that happens. So much for the 5 stars. They had it almost perfect until that update for some reason and now it pretty much sucks and is frustrating as a smooth game is now like playing the roulette wheel because you never know what you're gonna get as you try to reconnect many times until you finally get a game that works. I don't know if these guys are smoking too much crack or what but what's up with updates that screw the game over? Not too bright in my opinion. Just leave it the f alone.", 'I really loved the story, and it heavily outweighs the game experience for me.  The story ranks up there with the best science fiction and would be particularly appealing to \'Doctor Who\' fans.  This game has must-play DLC, and thankfully, it\'s included in the Complete Edition.  The \'Burial at Sea\' DLC completely ties this story into Bioshock 1.  It does not disappoint and should have been part of the original game.  There are two features that add to the FPS experience.  The sky-hook is a lot of fun, and the addition of Elizabeth as your companion was my favorite part. However, the rest of the gameplay gets in the way of the story for me.  At times, it became tedious and a bit of a grind.  I spent way too much time looting and looking for lock picks.  There are parts where you\'ll get stuck in a fight when all you want to do is advance the story.  If you have a real job and adult responsibilities, forget about the trophies/achievements.  While the trophies/achievements aren\'t extremely difficult, they are very time consuming.  This game doesn\'t offer any puzzles other than "how am I going to kill this handyman with the limited resources available," and half the time you can just run to the next door.  This game offers a lot of gear/equipment options, but only 4 can be used at a time, which makes it far less useful than it was in the first Bioshock. Criticism aside, it\'s a solid yet rudimentary shooter.  It does what it does extremely well.  Difficulty does not affect the story, so an experienced FPS player can blow through this game in 6-12 hours as long as they don\'t care about achievements/trophies.  When it\'s all said and done, I\'d probably enjoy it more if it was just a movie.', "The 360 version is a sloppy port of what is a otherwise not-too-bad game on other consoles. You have to deal with:  - Extreme load times, upwards of 2 minutes. - Can't install to hard drive which exacerbates already long loading. - In-game loading drops the frame rate to the point of being unplayable, you have to stand and wait for it to finish for 20-30 seconds. - Numerous game bugs (textures randomly changing or disappearing, audio dropping out entirely, bad hit detection) - Very poor controls that don't resemble the tight, responsive control system in Re4/Re5/ReRev regardless of the configuration. The game was clearly designed for a mouse and keyboard first with the console controls as an afterthought. - Cumbersome aiming: holding any direction while aiming a weapon locks the camera and the direction you are facing, so you have to center the left trigger every single time you shoot.  Capcom did a rush job on porting this to the 360 with little concern about the quality or playability of the result. No patches since the release date have addressed any of these issues. It seems unlikely they'll ever fix it at this point.  About the game itself: For people that liked Resident Evil Revelations, other than sharing some graphical assets this game has nothing to do with that one. It's a sequel in name only with a completely different look and feel. It isn't bad though, and Resident Evil fans will probably want to pick it up.  Given all these issues I'd only recommend getting it for cheap (under $10). Or get it on the PS4 or XBox One where it isn't so broken.", "I've been a MK fan ever since MK II back on the Sega Genesis. The last incarnation I played was Deadly Alliance on the Gamecube and I still played this game even as recently as a week ago. I saw the latest installment a year back or so and glared with envious eyes at PS3 owners...oh the raging jealousy I felt now that I had a new HDTV and no HD game system to go with it. Then on Black Friday I was lucky enough to score the PS3 Black Friday bundle with Last of Us and Batman. What game do you think I bought first? Yup, MK Komplete. (Sigh of joy). I fired that baby up and sat up till midnight on a work night playing and I've only scratched the surface. Not very responsible of a 40 year old adult but what the heck. It's not very often you get to feel like a kid again and this was one of those rare moments. Incredible graphics. The new moves are much different than they were in Deadly Alliance. No more stringing multiple combos across different fighting styles. This seems much more stripped down but at the same time much deeper. The sound, fatalities and all the extras are really awesome. Kratos and Freddy Krueger? Freddy would seem like a strange addition but they manage to work his back story into the MK universe incredibly well. The controls feel tight and responsive and unlike Deadly Alliance the block button seems to actually work lol. Love it. Recommended.", "Attention 3rd party software developers!  Take note and take heed of The Conduit.  Yes, there is a market out there for gamers like me who like to play FPS games.  Of course, I did get the Wii console to be family-friendly, but there are the after-hour times when I want to let loose and play Resident Evil 4, etc.  Of course, there has not been much in the first-person shooter fare and then The Conduit came out.  What an awesome game!  All of the Wii remote buttons and Nunchuck buttons are utilized to make you jump, run, strafe, change weapons, activate the All-Seeing Eye (a very cool feature that other reviewers cover here), chuck grenades, change grenade types, activate weapon scopes, etc.  My only gripe about The Conduit was that it was SHORT.  But being that the game's duration is by far my only complaint, it's minor to say the least.  The multi-player aspect (up to 12 online) coupled with the ability to use Wii Speak (communicate with your teammates without a headset) if phenomenal and makes up for the short campaign.  Some have complained that there isn't much to the story (and not original at that - alien invasion?), but I didn't feel that it detracted from the experience all that much.  It drops you right into the middle of the action and it never lets up one bit.  It has the qualities for a first-person shooter with the quick hard-hitting action that you might see in a light-gun arcade game.  It's an awesome blend with a music track that will keep you tense.  Some of the story elements were pretty cool especially with aliens using Conduits to bridge their world to ours through walls, etc.  And the hatchery concept was cool as well - you need to destroy them or aliens will keep coming through indefinitely.  While another cool aspect of the game centers around humans being subjected to mind-control, it somewhat falls flat because there aren't any other humans around who are not under control.  Wouldn't it really have ratcheted up the tension to have humans in a room and you're not sure who's ok and who's under mind control until they pull a gun on you?  Unfortunately, you're safe to assume that EVERYONE is a bad guy...so the paranoia route is sadly unexploited.  Despite the shortcomings in story and concept, the action is great and the Wii graphics are well-utilized and it doesn't look like a half-baked job.  Also, the degree of control customization is almost to the PC degree in terms of adjusting how fast you want your character to move at full bore, changing button commands, etc.  FANTASTIC!  Buy The Conduit and you will NOT be disappointed.  Buy this and send the message to 3rd party software developers...WE...WANT...MORE!!!!", 'This is frankly the worst game I have ever played.  Anyone who gives this higher than 2 stars has either: a)never played the pc version, b)played with a USB game controller, or c)only played the console versions (PS2, Gamecube, etc.).  This is a classic example of a console game that was ported by a low-budget Japanese company to the PC in order to bring in more dollars.  There is absolutely no mouse support outside of a 3rd party mouse-hack, which only makes aiming slightly better.  When gamers like myself have to turn to other gamers to make the controls better, it is a pathetic game to start with.  The "minimum system requirements" are far to low to even come close to playing the game in the lowest detail/resolution.  Even their recommended system requirements might not be able to play the game in full detail.  The graphics are good but there is no "wow-effect" when it comes to textures during normal gameplay.  The cutscenes are poor 640x480 resolution with no lighting effects whatsoever and short vertical white lines randomly in the picture.  Think of a cutscene from a late 90s game to get the idea.  Here comes the worst part of it: the control conversion.  Rather than saying "Press Shift to dodge this boulder that will kill you", the game uses the console text: "Press the 3rd button".  It took me 10 tries to figure out what "1 + 3" was on the keyboard.  To me it would seem easy to re-write the game code to say "Shift + Enter" instead of "1 + 3".  After 3 months of release delays, I expect much better.  In conclusion, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  "Obscure" for $6 is far superior in graphics and gameplay (2 people can play).  This game would be great on the PS2, but this shoddy PC version has really left a foul taste in my mouth.  As of writing this review I have still not finished the game due to sheer frustration with the controls.']
['"Scratches" is my first horror game and to be perfectly honest, I\'m not sure if I like it. I hoped I would, but hoping doesn\'t make things happen. "Scratches" takes place in England during three strange days inside an old house. You take on the role of a writer who becomes intrigued with the strange stories surrounding the place. When I first started playing, I was disappointed. I didn\'t think the game was scary. You were exploring an old house where you found dark accounts in some diaries. I didn\'t think it was much of a horror game. But now... A little about the house. There are some strange...and downright evil...pictures on the walls (and some more in an old room.) It also began to have a strange atmosphere. Spooky...maybe...but that\'s not all. Whatever it is, it can be uncomfortable. The first day is a bad start, because nothing really happens and it doesn\'t give a good first impression of the game; especially if you\'re looking for something scary. The first night is when you first hear scratching. However, the scratching wasn\'t emphasized enough in the game. [WARNING! Spoilers ahead!] Inside, the game focuses on an evil mask. A word of warning; near the end of the game, you must make an amulet out of some ingredients found around the manor. I had a problem with this since it seemed sort of like performing witchcraft; so if that\'s going to bother you, don\'t buy the game. To finish it, you must make the amulet. The "scare factor" depends on what kind of atmosphere you play in. If you\'re playing in a room with other people during the daytime, the game will have a different effect on you then if you play it alone in a dark house at night. There are a couple surprises in the game that make you jump, and sometimes you\'re afraid of what might be coming next. It isn\'t a gross-fest, it\'s more physiological. If they had added things like doors mysteriously slamming and getting locked in rooms at just the right moments, that might have made the game scarier. By the way, if you\'re going to buy "Scratches" you might want to get the director\'s cut version. There is a bonus "short" called "The Last Visit" which explains more of went on in Blackwood Manor. If I hadn\'t seen "The Last Visit" the ending would have been very confusing. And even then, there are unanswered questions. One thing I don\'t like about most adventure games is trying to find objects to advance. This can be frustrating, and I\'ll generally go just to a hint site and find the answer. I like more obvious "puzzles" like the one in the greenhouse where you have to wash something out of a grate. In this game you didn\'t have to look for many objects but you had to complete "puzzles" that could be a pain, such as trying to figure out how to let down a rope so you could get through a window. I like how the creators of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Titanic-Adventure-Out-of-Time/dp/B00002SUE9/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Titanic - Adventure Out of Time</a>did their game. Yes, there are some things in it that are unobvious, but it\'s a very unique kind of adventure game.  "Scratches" is definitely a psychological horror game; it comes back to scare you after you\'ve played. However, I\'m not sure I can recommend it...or if I will ever play it again.', "Pro Skater is a skateboarding game like no other, first, chose from 13 pro skaters each with their own tricks, stats and special moves or create your own custom made pro skater. Then have them skate in eight detailed skate parks (several more hidden!). The price of this game is so low (because it is dated), and the graphics are a huge step up from the Playstation and N64 versions, such as very detailed textures and even graffiti looks great. The X-Box version of this game does a lot of things right and a lot of things wrong. This game came out after Tony Hawk 3 had come out, and could have included several upgrades from the superior Tony Hawk 3 game. The makers of the game did not use the X-Box to its full capability, such as having limitless saves for replays, created skaters and created skate parks. There are no custom soundtracks either, which is a huge let down with the X-Box's hard drive able of keeping music on it. The game really needs to be divided into three parts, the Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 part, that has eight courses to skate on where for each course, there are a number of goals to accomplish for each, such getting high scores by earning points from performing tricks, grinds, and jumps over gaps (like building to building), collecting the letters SKATE, grinding three rails, jumping over fire hydrants and various other things, they vary from level to level. When you complete a goal you get money to gain cash that you can buy new skateboards, upgrades to better your skater and you can also buy bigger tricks.  The second part comes after you complete the Tony Hawk 2 game, then it unlocks a new career, the Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2X, which consists of five ALL NEW courses exclusively for the X-Box. The levels are a nigh club in London, a construction site in Texas, a skate park in Tampa Bay (the skate park is also in Tony Hawk's Underground), and two fictional areas, the subway and a skatepark with large grinds. There are new goals to do, but you do not get money for completing these goals. These courses are very lack luster and look more like they were rejected from Tony Hawk Pro Skater 1, which brings us to the third part of the game. Once you go through three of the Tony Hawk 2X levels that unlocks the old Tony Hawk Pro Skater 1 levels! You can skate through them pretty quickly, even with the upgraded textures there are no other improvements to the Tony Hawk 1 levels. The game has twenty-four courses in all!", "Okay so honeslty I have not had this for very long and I am already in love with it. This is my first experience with a mechanical keyboard other than messing ones on display in stores and after messing with the keys on a display model I decided to buy this and I am very happy with my decision. First off I am used to the plain old $25 membrane keyboard that you can go pick up at Walmart and use with ease but after using this, it will be hard to go back. Yes it is that good.  Pros: For the pros I am looking at the over all performance of the keyboard and aesthetics. I like how the keys feel when pressed. Again since I am used to membrane it I used to mashing the keys all the way to the bottom but with this I do not have to as I hear a pleasing click with each key press(my sister says it sounds smarter an more professional). Next is the LED's. I have read a lot of reviews that say the LED's can go bad and I hope that does not happen but form what I am seeing they are phenomenal and I love how I can change the brightness and the gaming setting that only lights up numbers 1-6 and the WASD keys. Since I am a gamer that is very helpful. The next thing on my list of pro's are the multimedia function keys, they are better than my previous keyboard that even though it did have them, they were nowhere near as decent feeling as these. Now onto the construction of the board. It is made from aluminum and weighs slightly less than my laptop (6.1 lbs). It feels very sturdy unlike a Razer keyboard I used to own and the added palm rest is very natural feeling and comfortable.  Cons: Honestly I can't think of any at the moment, Corsair is a such a trustworthy brand that I trust it will have very few issues.  Other: A few things that should be noted about this product are as follows: The palm rest while comfortable, is made of plastic. It feels very durable but other than that I am not sure about how long it will last but I will update this review if and when needed. The next thing to be aware of is the USB dongle that powers it. Unlike most keyboards that I am familiar with this one needs two USB ports to operate it, not one. So be prepared to give up an extra port for an awesome product.  With this I leave the rest up to the purchasers who might read this review and the countless others and decide on their own which keyboard to buy(this one). I will recommend this to any professional writer or anyone that games.", 'Uncharted 4 made it into my Top 5 greatest games of all time and there was no question about it. Now I do believe having played the first three is important to understanding how great the game is, however this action/adventure games leaves a lot to love.  First off, the story is a true work of art giving time for the narrative back-and-forth that happens when Nate and other are just exploring the world. The characters evoke emotion and keep you curious of who may or may not come out on top. The graphics themselves make you stop and stare when playing on a good looking tv. Everything from the character models to the landscapes have an attention to detail that Naughty Dog always brings.  My only drawback is that I don\'t think players of only this game will appreciate the story all the way through. I believe that you will love the game but there are many nods to old adventures and characters that surface through the 9-12 hour adventure.  ****I like to recommend games in my review and it isn\'t easy to recommend something at this caliber. However if you missed out on the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Last-of-Us-Remastered-PlayStation-4/dp/B00JK00S0S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Last of Us Remastered - PlayStation 4</a>, get it and play it as soon as possible. It is made by the same people and is one of the best video games you will ever play.  Uncharted 4 is an experience unlike many others. The story takes you on an adventure that Indiana Jones himself would be jealous of. Buy it and don\'t look back.  Enjoy!', "Campaign:  The gameplay is like any other first person shooter but adds in a cover system.  I have to admit, the AI of the enemies are like no other I have ever encountered.  They are really smart and makes gameplay that much more challenging.  The graphics are amazing but the voice acting is sometimes cheesy.  Now to issues I have.  Lack of campaign co-op, I can deal with.  But by having it, it would have so much better.  And that's okay because I heard from everyone (reviews online) that the Multiplayer is where it shines.  I tried it out last night and it was just horrible and very frustrating.  First, I can't start a party with my friend.  This only means that he can join the game I'm playing if it's not full, and even if he does, we may not be on the same team.  To me, I don't see the point of playing with friends if I can't PLAY WITH THEM on the same team.  The communication to attack and defend is where the fun is.  Another thing is that I can't do a private online game with my friend with AI bots.  I heard that initially you were able to but since people were abusing the ranking-up system, they disabled it.  Seriously, why?  If you want to disable something, just disable the ranking-up in a friends only Bots game.  Don't disable it overall.  I just want to practice playing MP with my friends against bots and have a private match and it's not possible?  That was half the reason I bought this game.  Now I'm contemplating reselling it after I finish campaign since it has no replay value in MP for me.  I hope they come out with a patch to re-enable it before that happens. I don't care about experience points when playing with friends online. I just want to have fun.", "I love Sony. I've been with Playstation from its beguining. I have all the PS versions and the Vita (a great underrated machine), and now I have the PSVR... the PSVR :(  I will make this short and as clear as possible. For those of you who have not tried the PSVR yet you must know the following:  - You see those videos on youtube where some guy is playing some game on PSVR but we only can see the images on their TV's? You see there nice PS4 graphics, very crisp and well defined. What you actually see when you have your PSVR on is a blurier and pixelled version of it. I would say that half of the quality is lost when you have the PSVR on.  - In addition to this, you always have the impression that you are looking through a beekeeper's hat and mask (through a net). This effect is permanent. You can see it not only when you are playing games but all the time. I have heard that this Screen Door Effect is less notable on the PSVR than the other head sets (this disappoints me big time).  - You can play non VR games and see movies in cinematic format, where you will have a big screen in the front of you like if you were in a movie theater. You have 3 sizes (small, medium and big screen). If you are thinking of playing the upcoming Skyrim Remastered on your PSVR under this cinematic format you have to know that the resolution drops significantly. You will only get a big screen in the front of you (which is cool) but you will have to sacrifice the details of your games and movies when you will use this feature.  I my opinion the PSVR is not yet ready but this is not precisely a bad thing. This is only the beginning on this exiting technology. Despite these issue mentioned above I have to say that you still get this sense of immersion and wonder. This technology have too many possibilities and I'm quite sure that these issues will be solved once this tech becomes more mainstream. PSVR have all my support and I cannot wait until more games comes out and when I will finally see these issues are covered. Perhaps the PS Pro will help somehow.  PS: Sorry for my poor English.", 'I absolutely love this game!  The cityscapes are so full of detail you feel completely immersed in this game.  I just can\'t believe the amount of detail that is included!  Graphics are out of this world.  Great game play.  I\'m a big fan of the sneaking around genre.  Great character development and story.  You really make a connection with the characters.  All the cut scenes are top notch.  I never get bored playing this game, it feels new and fresh every time I play.  The only negative... well technically I don\'t consider it a negative since I\'m giving this game 5 stars, is that this game is so immersive that it physically stresses me out to play it sometimes.  (mainly with some of the "clicker" areas)  I have never had a game stress me out as much as this one.  I literally had to stop playing a few times because it gave me a headache it was so intense.  The only other thing to mention is that it is very hard core, raw and bloody.  Not really a game for young impressionable kids.  *Update 1: Just finished the game.  This game was amazing!  I highly recommend it to anyone who has not played it to get it ASAP!  I can\'t wait to dive into the side story "Left Behind" that comes with this.  **Update 2: Just finished the side story "Left Behind".  This was an excellent little bonus.  The entire thing was pretty short and had some very long cut scenes but it also had some of the funnest stealth killing missions in the entire game.  Very fun little add on.  I really hope they decide to continue this game with more DLC or a part 2 to it.', "OK, why does Amazon let all the trolls who don't even have the game spam there uninformed opinion here. There are plenty of other formus on the web. This site should be for only for peeps that actually bought the game. With that stated, DO NOT waste your time reading the 1 stars. I didn't try to log on until last night because any moron with half a brain knows that the first day of any major release is going to be hard to connect. I only played for a couple of hours and so far it's a little easy. Playing as a demon hunter/nml. They did dumb it down a little from D2 so it's basically using 2 mouse buttons and the shift button--ranged attacks. The graphics are really good and no lag so far. I looked at the AH but nothing so far (day 1). Good hunting everyone and enjoy the game :}  Also forgot, they had to use DRM and online only because anyone that played D2 should remember how all of the hacks ruined that game. If you don't like it play something else.  UPDATE 17 May, Played now for about 9 hours total=big let down. I was hoping that the game would get better but it didn't. Also it was getting a little laggy last night. Not worth $60 so wait until the rush is over and it might be worth buying at $20.  13 July UPDATE: OK, ran 2 toons thru inferno and I'm finished. Same grind over and over. I miss the gold old days of the 90's UO. Now that was a game!!", 'Catherine is a very innovative and unique game that\'s very welcomed in today\'s video game industry. The tone and setting is incredibly calm and mature which is both relaxing and interesting. The plot seems far from being video game worthy and sounds more like something that would thrive more in another entertainment medium, yet it works very well for what it is and does.  Pros: + Mature and refined atmosphere. + Many interesting and defined characters. + Challenging and fun puzzles. + The general idea of the story and gameplay is a nice change of pace and done really well in its own right. + Various endings.  Cons: - (Possible spoiler.) "Morality" system is misguided. The way it\'s presented makes it seems like a morality gauge, but at the end, the game specifically tells you it\'s a choice between freedom and order. It makes no further comments about this being a philosophical or lifestyle point and is generally poorly done. - Choices don\'t matter during gameplay minus a line of dialog here and there and, ultimately, only amount to which ending you get. - For some reason, I feel this game is very forgettable. It tells a good story and has a lot to offer, but possibly because of its simplistic nature it doesn\'t stand out as well in memory as other video games do.  I would definitely recommend this game to anyone at all interested in it or the concepts of it.', "After my disappointment in the first Monster Hunter game, I was hesitant when I heard they were coming out with a 3rd installment for the Wii.  First off, the Wii isn't known for its graphics - and this is a game that would need good graphics to be worth a buy. Secondly, the Wii is notorious for not having any well-made 3rd party games. After watching the stunning trailers for this game, I finally caved in and bought it. I'm happy to report that it was a great purchase. Not only have I sunk 20 hours into playing it, I've enjoyed every moment of it. It delivers not only with its amazing graphics, but the game play is top notch even with the sometimes awkward wiimote. Monster Hunter Tri is challenging, but not impossible. You may feel stuck from time to time, but exploration usually solves the dilemma. Visually, Monster Hunter Tri is stunning. The landscapes are beautiful and seem to go on as far as the eye can see. The music is pretty good, but usually gets lost in the background. The game does have online availability, which I have not tried yet so I won't review on that. I have played the 2 player mode, however, which is decent. You can join a friend in an arena battle to take down a big monster together. It's fun and you get to practice killing the next big monster on your quest list, but it would've been really great if 2 players could go on a co-op quest together. The monsters each have their own characteristics and traits. Most, however, seem to have a personal vendetta against you and will hunt you down, even if you're just trying to pick flowers. The customization in this game is great. There are several weapons to choose from, and plenty of upgrades to come after. You can even attach charms which give your character extra attributes. All in all, this is a very solid game and worth the buy. I would have enjoyed some voice acting, and a little less pointless jabber from the villagers, but there isn't too much to complain about with Monster Hunter Tri.", 'Obsidian Entertainment have never had it easy. They sprang from the ashes of the company that created FALLOUT, and they\'ve been living in the shadows ever since. If you look at their track record, every single one of their games have been sequels to some of the most highly-acclaimed RPGs of all time. They always have huge shoes to fill, and the results have always been a mixed bag.  My favorite game is&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Star-Wars-Knights-of-the-Old-Republic/dp/B000067DPM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic</a>&nbsp;for many reasons. It was my first experience with a game where my actions actually mattered, where I could interact with the characters of that world, and where I could actually roleplay. As soon as I finished it, I went out and bought the sequel:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Star-Wars-Knights-of-the-Old-Republic-II-The-Sith-Lords/dp/B0002B90SA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords</a>. I really didn\'t know what I had played. It was a game that was so tedious to play at times, but actually managed to improve on the formula I had thought was perfect. Obsidian hasn\'t broken that habit; they always progress the state of RPGs in their own way, but that accomplishment is always hidden beneath layers of glitches and faulty gameplay.  ALPHA PROTOCOL really is no different. Though it represents the company\'s first attempt at making an original I.P. that\'s entirely their own, they made the mistake of allowing it to be compared to the MASS EFFECT series, games that are known for their quality, gameplay, and story. If you\'re looking for an experience similar to that of MASS EFFECT, you really won\'t find it here. But what you will find, oddly enough, is a game that manages to pull off a few tricks that guys at BioWare should really take note of in the future.  The story of ALPHA PROTOCOL is sort of clever when you get right down to it, but it is almost one of the most convoluted I\'ve ever played. You take on the role of Agent Michael Thorton, a man who has just been drafted into a top secret branch of U.S. intelligence called Alpha Protocol. Your mission, should you choose to accept it, requires you to investigate the circumstances of a terrorist act against a passenger airliner. This story will take you to Saudi Arabia, Rome, Taipei, and Moscow, all the while making decisions that will affect how the story unfolds.  Now, this is the really amazing part of the game. Unlike MASS EFFECT, where all your decisions really end up doing is change the ending, the decisions you make in ALPHA PROTOCOL decide how the entire story unfolds. Depending on who you save or kill, how you behave in a mission, who you choose to form alliances with: it all impacts how the story plays out. Sidequests will open and close. Some romance options won\'t even appear. The way people talk to you will change depending on how you\'ve treated them. Maybe the overall story arc doesn\'t change very much, but how it unfolds certainly does, and by wide margins.  Though you will have to play as Michael Thorton (there\'s hardly any customization available, nor is there an option to play as a female agent), the story managed to become very involving the more my choices began to come into play. The times when you interact with the other characters (all of them are very well written and voiced) are the highlights in the game. Heck, it almost blows MASS EFFECT out of the water in that regard, but that still doesn\'t change the fact that there is still a game that you have to play to get to those parts, and that\'s, unfortunately, where ALPHA PROTOCOL founders.  To put it bluntly, the gameplay is terrible. It\'s nothing special in the least bit. It\'s as if Obsidian was trying to blend GEARS OF WAR, SPLINTER CELL, and MASS EFFECT mechanics into the same game, but they didn\'t succeed in making any of it work to the point where it\'s fun. The gunplay is based upon your level, so if you try shooting people with a pistol and you don\'t have any ranks in it, you can be at point blank range and STILL miss your enemy. I had all of my points into that skill, and by the end of the game most of the enemies were still dodging bullets and brushing off those that actually hit them. You never really feel like you\'ve gotten any more talented than when you started.  Not to mention this is only exacerbated by terrible enemy AI. Guards will take cover and never pop out again, some will always charge you no matter how much damage they\'re taking, and some will just blow themselves up. Also, every single enemy in this game has grenades on their person (not an exaggeration), so expect to be hit with some of those if you take cover for too long.  Despite being labeled "The Espionage RPG," this game does not really allow you to live out your spy fantasies. Ninety percent of all the missions in this game revolve around shooting guards in different ways. It doesn\'t matter what your overall objective is; there is no option to smooth talk your way through any of them like James Bond would do, nor can you effectively stealth through them like Sam Fisher would do. You will always be running and gunning, no matter what class you choose. It\'s like playing the same level over and over again for over ten hours.  The funny thing is, though I can fault this game in so many ways, I would buy a sequel on the first day. The game needs improvement, that\'s a given, but Obsidian have made an attempt to progress modern RPGs. They\'ve made a game that changes based on your decisions, instead of giving you the illusion of change (ala MASS EFFECT). The characters are great, witty, very likable, and the thought of a proper spy-based RPG is something I never knew I wanted so badly until I had played ALPHA PROTOCOL.  The potential in this series Obsidian have created is astounding. Of course the game didn\'t sell well - and for good reason; I wouldn\'t recommend paying full price for this game - but I would hope that Obsidian decides to give the property another shot somewhere down the line. I would only suggest that they watch CASINO ROYALE, MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE, and THE BOURNE IDENTITY over and over again, get back to the drawing board, and give their fans the Espionage RPG that they\'d promised, but only partially delivered.', 'This game had a lot of potential but almost all of it was drained away, but there is some good to be found here. Let\'s just do a simple good vs bad list. GOOD:  - Shooting: The shooting in this game feels EXCELLENT, regardless of anything else the shooting mechanics are solid and fun.  - Varied enemy races: Each race feels different not just in looks but in combat as well, the Fallen feel like your generic FPS bad guys, the Hive feel more Numbers > Strength, the Vex have very much the mechanical feel you\'d expect from them with things like teleportation and not having the standard "No head = dead" flaw, and the Cabal do feel like the Tanks with tons of armour and power.  - Visuals: The game world looks beautiful and some of the areas are good enough that you can just sit down and enjoy them. The game does lack things like water reflections and zero environmental destructibility, but that\'s more of a gripe as a modern gamer rather than an actual drawback for the game.  - Early leveling: You can\'t deny that the first 1-10 level ups you get are exciting and fun, you get powers that genuinely make your feel badass, new abilities that you\'ll love trying out and access to more and more weapons and armour.  BAD:  - The story: almost entirely non-existant. While there are several "Story missions" very few of them actually provide you with any knowledge. My whole time on Earth i think i found out that there are some bad guys called the Fallen and the Hive, i was dead, fighting for Earth is a lost cause, that\'s pretty much it as far as story, beyond that i found out there\'s a computer program who has absolutely no bearing on the story, the Fallen have big spider tanks...yay? And the Hive are on the Moon, a place i was going any way.  - The Loot: completely random! I have completed the story and i got more powerful weapons re-doing the first level than i did from defeating the final Boss, armour i obtained from a level 4 petrol mission was better than armour i got from a 45 minute, level 18, grind-fest "Strike Mission"  - Matchmaking: For a game about being a "connected world" only one game mode has Matchmaking capabilities, for everything else you have to bring your own friends, assuming you have enough friends who all have the same game, on the same console, who want to do the same mission, who are all available at the same time. The....HELL?!  - Level setup: So let me just explain how 98.72% of your missions are going to be resolved. You\'ll find a console or a blocked doorway, your Ghost will try to unlock it but would you believe it the enemy are suddenly here...for no reason, so you\'ll hold off wave after wave of pre-determined enemies while miraculously it takes your Ghost exactly the amount of time it takes to kill all the enemies to unlock the door. Now replace who the enemy is and then which door/console you\'re hacking and that is the game....that\'s it. The only other mission type is "kill this guy".  - Enemy types: while the individual races are different, within them it becomes painfully boring. Apart from the Thralls from the Hive most enemy types are the same only with a) more health and/or b) a regenerating shield that will make you want to snap your PS4 in half.  - Bosses: The single most boring part of this game, instead of making new or interesting ways to defeat them (See Sargus Ruk from the game Warframe or Mr Freeze from Arhkam City). All bosses are just bullet sponges with ridiculous weapons, you can easily spend over an hour pouring bullets into a Boss and barely make a dent, even when you have friends all using their "Heavy Weapons" you\'ll just want to cry. Instead of feeling relief at the end of a Boss battle you just wish you\'d never started.  That\'s the long and short of it, this game could be so much more if it either put more into the story or allow matchmaking on all game modes. Very disappointed, very glad that Shadow of Mordor is out now so i don\'t have to play this simply because "there\'s nothing else to play"', 'It\'s been a long time since I felt compelled to stay up through the night playing a video game into the morning. Until Dawn succeeded, and that speaks to the one thing this game gets right more than any survival horror game around today: its hooks work the whole way through. You want to keep playing through every new development and story twist, which are in ample supply the whole game.  That being said, on a 0-10 scale, I would give this game a strong 8.5 or 9, but cannot give it a ten, so no 5 star rating. But almost.  First of all the graphics are beautiful: the overall aesthetic, the physics, the various environments, the acuity of microexpressions in the characters faces during interactions. I was stunned by the precision of audio-visual quality in this game, and can only hope every game of this genre takes the same degree of care in refining the quality of these elements in their stories going forward.  The story... well, my gut instinct about what was going on between the friends in this story was spot on, and I felt a little disappointed by how predictable it was. Even the story sort of explicitly predicts it for you in character dialogue, so I think a lot of people will find this aspect a little disappointing. At the moment of reveal, it\'s like, Yeah, I already knew that. That in itself isn\'t a deal breaker  survival horror games, like horror movies, are often predictable. It doesn\'t ruin the fun, so I can let that one slide. And truth be told there are moments that make you feel some fright, even though you are 90% certain you know whats going on.  Where I am less forgiving is in respect to the gameplay itself. The marketing of this game cites its "butterfly effect" engine, referring to how the most simple of choices determine outcomes for characters. Sometimes these choices are meaningful (e.g. will you point a gun at your friends head or your own?), sometimes they are just plain trivial (e.g. will you throw a snowball at them? Or, will you be sympathetic or argumentative). Some choices just feel silly, and you find yourself wishing there was some other option that is not available. Overall though, this is one of the best written game narratives I have seen in a long time. The characters have depth, and they develop. The environment itself has a deep story and becomes its own rich character. Plus the game seamlessly draws from some of the best acoustic and visual horror movie tropes, and includes some geographically specific monster mythology. So considered holistically, this game does provide a rich story to play through  hence I played through it all in one night.  In terms of gameplay mechanics, though, most of the game is linear in the sense that the next place you go in the story is literally a straight shot from point A to point B. This is not an open world game (nor does it market itself as one, so I wasn\'t surprised). Despite the fact the game markets itself as empowering the player with autonomy, and the privilege of witnessing the outcome of your choices, the degree of freedom you enjoy is somewhat negligible. Basically, you go from one twist in the story to another without much room for exploration, and you choose between two options that, personally, just did not compel me either way. Ultimately Until Dawn plays like a choose-your-own-misadventure survival horror game, which is a fresh marketing concept, but the choices you can make are often pretty banal (will you go left or will you go right?). This leaves you desiring more freedom to explore the environment in some situations, and better options for choices in other situations.  One last consideration: as many reviews have already stated, this game is not a tactical combat or strategy game, and doesn\'t require skill. You just need to know that going into the game, or you\'ll have the wrong expectation for how the game engine operates. Personally, if I go into a game knowing that the extent of my skill level is simply pressing a button on the controller before time runs out, I\'m totally cool with it. I haven\'t been sold on some misleading expectation. BUT, If you hate that aspect of games, you might want to sit this one out, because that essentially is the engine of this game. What makes this game fun is the narrative development, and if thats really not your cup of tea, and you really just want to get your gat and blast on fools this won\'t bring a crumb of those goods to the table.  In short, Until Dawn offers a fresh concept in survival horror games and is mostly well executed in terms of narrative development and aesthetics. You will probably wish the game play itself was more compelling in the choices it offers, and a little more open to exploration. But youll also probably want to stay up playing this until dawn.', "Deus Ex: Human Revolution is the most engrossing game I have played since the original Mass Effect and Dragon Age Origins. I may draw flak for this, but I enjoyed it even more than the original Deus Ex. Deus Ex: Human Revolution manages to suck the player into the game world in a way that makes other developers appear lazy. I felt for many of the characters, especially the lead character and the tragedy in his life, even finding it very interesting that he was interested in renascence era clockworks (he has been building them in his apartment from blueprints). There is a bit of a let down as we don't get quite the closure with some of the characters near the end that would have been hoped for as becoming humanity's savior takes precedence.  You play as Adam Jensen, the head of security for an up and coming trans-human augment corporation. Unfortunately, Adam's life is turned upside down when an attack nearly kills him, leading to him to need life saving augmentations throughout his body. Jensen takes a sabbatical from work to adjust to his situation; however, events cause Jensen to need to return to work six months after the incident. The plot keeps you motivated and has a lot of twists and turns. Without any DLC and playing as a mix of ninja, hacker, and gunslinger, I clocked 35 hours from start to finish of a single play through. There are so many fun ways to approach any given section, you might be able to cloak and completely sneak by, move from object to object and knock out a few guards along the way, hack a gun turret or robots to obliterate the enemies in a room, punch through a wall and start blasting away with a minigun, set up some traps, or even completely avoid an area by jumping a fence or slipping into an airduct. There is no excuse to not enjoy the game because you can literally play it any way you want.  The only real weak point of the game is that boss fights can be a little bit rough on normal difficulty levels if you don't prepare for them with at least a few combat augmentations found on the Dermal Armor line (especially EMP shielding). The first boss was a bit tough for me, the second took a moderate amount of trial and error; however, by the third, I had enough augmentations across the board to take him down after only a couple of tries. The final boss was a complete push over for me as I could hack anything with an interface while laughing off most gunfire and EMP blasts, and had upgraded my revolver while stockpiling ammo for it to a point that would make Dirty Harry green with envy. Having mentioned stockpiling ammo, soldiers in the future seem to be able to pop off hundreds of rounds when they spot you while only ever carrying 2 or 3 rounds for you to take from their person; likewise, someone missed the memo that ammo usually comes 50 rounds to a box! You'll need to scrounge a lot of ammo and be proficient in several weapons to make it through the game if you are aren't planning a 100% sneaky approach (I carried both pistols, a tranquilizer rifle, a minigun, a stun gun, and an assault rifle for most of the game and used whichever had ammo on hand or best dealt with the situation).  Ultimately, not only will you enjoy this game, but it will make you think. I found myself asking a lot of questions about the ethics of transhumanism and what makes us indeed human. More developers need to be willing to explore and interweave issues like this into their storytelling. This game is money well spent; however, you may want to get the augmented edition for the extras like the soundtrack (the musical score by the way is superb, as is the acting and art direction). What are you waiting for? Add to cart!", 'Holy crap....addicting game. This review is not for the long time fans, but more for the first timers like myself just wondering if it is worth getting or not. Or if they should just wait until the price drops (I usual wait 1-2 years after a game comes out before getting it.  Hint: Get it now. Screw waiting. It is one of the few games you don\'t want to wait.  My first Fallout game. Bought it on a recommendation from a friend. I was expecting a straight FPS- which I am not a fan of or some MMO- online only. Thankfully, it was none of these. It is an open world, single player, thinker game. Yes, there is some FPS aspects, but it is not a run-n-gun. Still learning the crafting aspects. They are interesting. Good skill progression. You will revisit areas time and time again. Example: clear it the place out for a mission. Go back for looting of needed resources. Go back again once your skill for pick/hacking a lock is high enough. There is a lot of replay ability in it so far.  Lot of good backstory I am learning. Games like this make me go back and play the previous versions.  There are a lot of references in the game to Americana.  Resources: What you would initially think of as junk. Items like duct tape and table fans are very valuable...for their component parts. Adhesives and screws...never find enough. At least in the beginning.  Settlements: Finding a new settlement. Set up, build, learn the spawn points to concentrate your defenses. Drop in some traders (trade, bars, and clinic) to make caps.  Back to the open world, I played World of Warcraft for years. Loved how you could literally just get lost wandering around seeing all the attention to detail the programmers put into the game. Fallout: its there. They did a lot of work.  One of the few top game I really love enough to say it was worth buying and not waiting.  Update: Now that a bunch of the DLC content has dropped an update is due. Still addicting. Still addicted- no not going to seek treatment.  Keep in mind, I am a slow player. Level 100+ at this writing. I still have not sided with or against the institute. Nor have I even traveled to Far Harbor. Every time I think I have mined out the bulk of the main game...surprise. New missions I missed (yes, at level 101) earlier in the game.  Mechanist- great addon. Lets you tinker and build your own robots. Get the hacking skill. It will save you a lot of hassle. Hack-shut down. Now in the middle of fire fight you do not have to fight a big nasty robot (who also gives two fusion cores). Lots of repeating missions (hunt down robots)  Fight Pits- decent. But I like the fact I can capture brahim (cows) now for my settlements.  Raider DLC- In the middle of this one. Enjoying it. Gage is decent companion who only "dislikes" your actions when you take mentats (I usually do for a critical charisma check or maxing a sale with a merchant). Otherwise, kill, pick locks, whatever, he is good. Too bad I will need to kill him later when I burn the raiders to the ground. Spent too long building up my settlements to raid them and unalign them.']
