To start off I will say that I highly recommend sealing the lens of these, mainly on top and bottom. When I was a child our family bought the first WaterPik that came onto the market. The area where the water came out was small and the spray could be directed easily. Now that my son has some orthodontia, the dentist suggested using a WaterPik. Even I, a coordinated adult, have a hard time using this without spraying down the bathroom walls, mirror, and countertop. I am worried the wallpaper will be ruined and will begin peeling off. Try to use it with your mouth closed or nearly closed and shut it off before you remove it from your mouth. After reading other customer reviews, to prevent possible leakage, we take the unit apart and dump out the water after each usage. Do your research regarding other models available as well as this one. I wish they made the WaterPik like the original ones that lasted for many years and were easier to manage. Update: One child has been using this for 16 months and it is still functional. Note on my star rating: For effectiveness for the job I'd rate it 5 = I Love It but for the mess I rate it a 1 = I Hate It which averages out to 3 star rating = It's okay. Got tired of all this and got this plug in model and I wish I had done this several years ago. I floss first, lightly brush with a tooth brush, then use a Sonicare. Here is a Wonderful list to help everyone choose there favorite Scents! bar  With luscious scents and rich lather, these soaps are a customer favorite. Hard-milled to be long-lasting, with Shea Butter and Pure Vegetable Oils to moisturize your skin. Agrumes (Citrus Fruits) Light citrus blend of grapefruit, citron, and orange. * Honey Almond Honey and Almond blended into the warm, sweet smell of Provence. Mirabelle Juicy, green floral Moondance Bright, green, floral Olive Oil Mild scent, highly moisturizing & non-allergenic. Also good as a baby soap, shaving soap, laundry soap, or kitchen soap. Raspberry Juicy, sunny *Rose Petal French rose garden in summer. Rosemary Mint Fresh, herbaceous *Sage Herbal, fresh, and exhilarating. Starflower Sparkling, fruity, floral *Tiare Tropical, creamy floral. Violette Sugared violets *White Gardenia A beautiful shrub with fragrant white flowers that create a sweet, silky floral. Along with the richness of shea butter, these botanicals help to exfoliate dead skin cells leaving skin renewed and soft. I thought that flossing and brushing was enough...that was until I went to the dentist, and he said I had the beginnings of periodontal disease. This thing absolutely knocked my socks off when it came to the PRESSURE. He had said initially I'd have to get my teeth cleaned every three months because I must be one of those people who gets a tartar build up quicker than other people...well, I had worked religiously on scaling back the plaque. ( My dentist asked me if I had been eating because there was so little build up (I had to tear that out of him because I KNEW he didn't want to give me credit for working that hard on my dental hygiene!) Sure, try it, but I'll bet you'll find it to be basically useless compared with a true tongue cleaner (i.e., a scraper type device). I looked at the ones that were battery powered but I didn't think they would hold enough water and I couldn't see him refilling it to finish. This does limit the distance from the unit to the mouth but it is more than enough if you are standing at a vanity. This way, you can turn it on, position it in your mouth and then start the water spray. I tried these shoes on in the store before purchasing them on Amazon. The second day; however, I got a pain in my hip to the point where I started limping. As soon as I got home and took them off, the pain was gone the rest of the evening. Nothing else in my daily routine changed except wearing these shoes two days in a row. I don't understand why it would make my hip hurt since they are comfortable on my feet, but I'm sure that was the problem. I don't think as much as I am on my feet I will be able to wear them an extended amount of time. **UPDATE: So, initially after wearing them, I had hip pain after wearing them. I don't know if they just needed to be broken in, but I wear them all the time now and have not experienced any pain since the first couple times of wearing them. Its a good safety measure so just do it, it only takes a few seconds per rod to wrap in tape. Pulling the rod out will likely pull a large portion of lint youve broken loose out with the rod and brush  attachment so vacuum it up or blow it out if you have a leaf blower and then start again (I didn't disconnect rods during this step but I did take my time to hand feed the rod and brush back in to ensure I didn't damage the rods).
Most of all it must work well - no crashes, good recpetion and ease of use. The OS seems to be rock solid - it handles errors and conflicts very well. In my large metro area on the east coast - the reception and coverage is excellent. The device is reasonably fast even when it is not on the "EDGE". I was surprised that Rim had little and almost no customer support. On the 8700g the browser works very well with the usual exceptions. T Mobile rate plans make the BB reasonable to use when compared with very expensive plans of the other carriers. I have an Az customer from the beginning - always the highest praise. There are great smaller firms but for the big guys Amazon is the best. So, this is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old:  reviewing dryer vent cleaners while sitting at your kitchen table waiting for American Idol. This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much. Our dryer pretty much stopped working and we were thinking we needed a new one, which was seriously going to eat into my plastic surgery budget. One last shot before a trip to the appliance store was this Gardus LintEater. My husband, who is not the handy one of the family, had to do the work as I have a torn labrum. (Which sounds dirtier than it is - that's part of your shoulder.) He, the clumsiest man in the world, had absolutely no problem using this. I warned him to read the directions first, and he actually listened and followed. He got a bunch of musty, wet lint that had probably been up inside the wall since 1977  - probably consisting of bell bottom material and macram. Now our dryer actually dries clothes again, and I can continue to save for my facelift. This review is for Gardus RLE202 LintEater 10-Piece Rotary Dryer Vent Cleaning System  Weve been paying $75 per visit for the service guy from the appliance store to come every 4-5 months and clean the flexible duct thats routed in a less than optimal manner due to location and a variety of road blocks from the dryer to the outside wall. We knew the time was coming for a cleaning when clothes didn't dry very well and right near the end when it REALLY needed cleaning, there would actually be water on the floor under the dryer. I had to use some vacation days or lose them and was recently at home for the first time when he came. I watched the process and thought, *I* should be doing this if thats all it is! I did my research, LintEater is pretty clearly the way to go and made my purchase. Like with ANY product, you have weigh the number of positive reviews against the handful of bad ones. The bad reviews are likely from people who are mechanically challenged or didn't read the manual or watch YouTube videos to get an idea of how the process works. Someone had one of more of these: Speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe. The rods cant come apart if you run the drill ONLY clockwise. Thats simple physics they simply cant come apart IF you use clockwise ONLY. The brush head broke or stripped out is going to be like the twisted rod; speed too high, clutch too high or didn't use a clutched drill at all, pushed against an impassable bend or obstruction on the vent pipe. - CLOCKWISE ONLY for both going into and back out of the vent tube! You're not drilling holes or driving screws... you're not going as hard and fast as you can. - I put red Loctite thread locker on the threads attaching the rotary brush head to the rod AND to the set screw. - As I added each section, I tightened them against each other with a pair of pliers on each section. THEN, I wrapped electrical tape a couple times around the joined sections. - The female ends of the rod that go into the drill chuck aren't knurled, but I had no problem with them spinning in the chuck. Slow speed and minimal torque are probably why this was not an issue. NOTE: I didn't think Id need the extra rod extensions, but I do and came back to order them. To get this done for now, I had to do half from inside the house and half from outside. - INSIDE the house, vent pipe disconnected from the dryer, I used the vent insert in the vent pipe end with a Ridgid 6HP shop vac and the cleaning tool rod through the provided hole in the insert. This worked fantastically well; I had to clean the vac filter a couple times due to all the lint. - OUTSIDE the house, I didn't bother with the vacuum, figuring the birds would get whatever lint they found or the elements would just break it down pretty quickly. Turn the dryer ON to blow out the loosened lint as you clean the pipe, wear googles or something to keep the lint dust out of your eyes and off you go! We have 24 foot of solid dryer vent pipe ending in 3 right-angles before going through the floor into the flexible dryer-vent hose coming from the dryer. I can't get behind the dryer without moving both the washer and dryer and they are HEAVY. So being lazy I decided to clean the vent from the outside of the house inward. I didn't use a vacuum cleaner or a blower or suction of any kind. I did tighten each section of tubing with pliers and taped them. I threaded all 24 foot of tubing with the brush on the end into the outside vent and then backed it out. My fear had come true, I had forced gobs of lint into the right-angles at the end of the run. I still didn't want to move that washer and dryer so I figured I'd try one other thing, use the clodbuster attachment. Now I'm really getting lazy so I tightened each tubing section by hand (no pliers) and didn't use tape. I pushed all 24 foot of tubing into the vent until I hit some resistance and then turned the tubing by hand (too lazy to hook the drill up). Then I pulled it all out and there wasn't any lint at all that came out. So now I'm resigned to having to move the washer and dryer, but before I do I figured I might as well turn the dryer on and see what happens. Lots of lint clods blew out and kept coming out for about 20 seconds. I'm really happy with this product and if it worked for me with all the shortcuts I took it will probably work great for you. As a point of reference we built this house five years ago and this is the first time I ever cleaned the vent. A load of ten bath towels used to take 45 minutes to dry, lately it's been taking 3 to 4 hours, so I knew I couldn't put cleaning the pipe off any longer. This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much. This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much. This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much. This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much. This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much.
The detailed review: My house and yard is home to four rescued dogs of various sizes and temperaments. I took a chance and ordered one Kong in hopes at least one would use it. Opening the package released a strong, rubbery smell which, thankfully, diminished over several days. If I hadn't been so stubborn when it came to admitting defeat, I might've quit sewing altogether in the first week of using this machine. I didn't order more because I didn't want to waste more money. It quickly becomes pretty expensive if you plan on doing anything requiring more specialized feet. It is so, so hard to quilt a large quilt on this little machine. I would recommend it to anyone just starting to sew as long as you're paying the gold box price. This set includes pure red, pure green, pure blue and pure black markers. The ink is acid free, photo safe and archival quality which makes the markers perfect for scrapbooking. Second, the ink I used was not labeled as acid free, photo safe or archival quality. Third, the ink in the nib will dry and clog the nib if not used for a while. I highly recommend the Zig Memory System Calligraphy Markers. There really are a ton of sizes, so any project you pick up, you are pretty much guaranteed to have the right sized needles. more frustrating to a new knitter than finally getting halfway through your first project to have the cable unscrew and pop off your needle. As a new knitter, this happened to me and I was devastated, because I had no idea how to pick my work back up yet and fix the problem. I wanted something to secure the knots and somehow I came across this product. I am happy with my purchase thus far (especially since I just don't remember what I used to use...). One concern I had was how to keep the adhesive on the knot and not get it on the beads on either side, but this has such a small applicator (like a wire or fine needle) that it is easy to dispense a very small amount of glue in a very precise area. My elastic cord is non porous, at least on the macroscopic level that I can see. NOTE: To make my snow look fluffier, I just used the paint brush to fluff it up with. Although I have only used it for indoor projects, the possibilities are limitless for outdoor uses. Non-yellowing  Non-toxic  Flexible when dry  I especially like this because my tiny icicles will not get brittle and break off. I always take others reviews with a grain of salt and I certainly glad I did this time. The comments about not being commercial ... well, it is not "Industrial"  but is  "commercial" . I was in a hurry to meet a deadline and didn't have time to wait for resin to cure. ( Besides the fact that I'm painfully impatient in most crafting areas. Storing it this way reduces the chance of bubbles by keeping excess air out - and the product seems to stay well-constituted. Anyway...although I was much happier with this bottle, it also never seemed to get totally hard. It got much harder than Gel Du Soliel - but not as hard as resin. This is also a spectacular alternative to resin when working with kiddos! The Copic markers don't feather across the page too much, you just have to practice coloring as close to the line as possible without going over it, and that is true with a lot of papers. I always love adding stuff to the covers as I go through the journal. I find there is significant bleed through, so I can't  use the backs of the pages I do. If you so use ink sprays, or even plain water, it will be ruining your work on the other side. I bought a pack of this six-strand floss because ordering the 8 colors I needed for my project from Hershnerr's would have been foolish. The included 12 cardboard bobbins are about enough to hold one project's worth of thread. It's number one job is to save your fingers from being scorched by your iron. Use this like a rolling pin, and you'll have the rest of the corners sewn on in less time than it takes to heat the iron. Remove stains on fabric or use Rit Color Remover before dyeing to get fabric to an off-white or cream color. Stir dissolved powder dye or well-shaken liquid dye into dye bath until evenly dispersed. Never pour liquid or powder dye directly on fabric unless looking to achieve a specific creative effect. Note: If tap water is not hot enough, heat water on the stove, in a teakettle or in the microwave. When dyeing nylon, silk and wool, add 1 cup white vinegar to the dye bath. If possible delay adding the salt or vinegar until 5 minutes after the fabric has been in the dye bath. Garments will also look darker when wet and prior to washing. When you remove clothes from dye bath, rinse in warm, then cool water until water runs clear. ( Plastic or rubber machine parts may be tinted but will not stain laundry. All of your basic colors are included as well as some neonish colors as well multiple color variations of the same color. There are velcro straps to hold the machine in place inside the tote. One with more pockets so I don't have to carry another bag containing my supplies. I will also mention that I was previously using a chalk pencil, so my accuracy wasn't the greatest - and provided the prompt to break down and buy this. A little slip with the ruler when cutting is easy to miss, but this tool makes it very easy to lay on the patch and check its angles. If you do any type of inset seams or angles in your quilting...or just want better precision on your triangles (who doesn't) - the perfect piecer will definitely save you time and frustration. One, I wish the top had a zipper so that if I use this while traveling I would not have to worry about anything flying out of it since it can't fold very flat with things in it. Update a few months later: I loved this bag so much that I ordered another. I filled the rack with 60 of the 550Y spools and it remained sturdy and stable, not tumble prone as others have experienced. It sounds like the production of these racks are hit or miss. 2) This holds just as well as the more expensive tape I had been using.
The End to Where it all Began  I must say I always love a HEA after the mind blowing story. The HERS series is one of my favorites, it's ABOUT THAT LIFE. The Professional Kink Mistress = The badass powerhouse woman that takes no ISH from no one. Although the HERS series revolved around Seven James and Levi Parker. It also revealed a the life of a Porn-Star  Sex, Drugs, and Crime. It may have been the end of HERS and HIS but the beginning for much much more. Current draw 2 watts no load and about 20 when connected to battery. 14.4 to 14.6 is the correct voltage many automatic units peak at and let it drift down to a ~13.5 float/maintenance voltage. For more LEAD-ACID BATTERY info visit "batteryuniversity.com." Best to connect clamps before plug- first red to positive, black on negative, to prevent a spark that can potentially ignite hydrogen gas if present). A smaller battery (such as motorcycle size) is at greatest risk of being overcharged/ damaged by this thing if not monitored so if you want a SET-n-FORGET maintainer do not buy this, Buy an automatic for that purpose. ( Voltage is reduced via wire-wound transformer unlike the newer style switching adapters which means it is heavier, can only be used on 120v and is slightly less energy efficient though more reliable. I have reached 85,000 miles and had already replaced the serpentine belt. drive Torx T40 bit * (optional) new small rubber grommet * (optional) thread locking compound  First, it is a good idea to take a picture of your serpentine belt and how it winds around your engine and pulleys..  There is supposed to be a belt routing diagram on your radiator, but often this label is often damaged. If this small rubber grommet is missing or damaged, you could use a small O-ring seal normally used in plumbing like kitchen and bathroom sinks. If you still have the original rubber grommet in good condition, carefully separate the rubber grommet from the bolt. Release the arm, remove your breaker bar, examine everything - and you should be done. In case you stripped your T40 bolt or need a new belt routing diagram sticker, below are the parts you can get from your dealer:  6507743AA - belt tensioner T40 bolt 53031700AB - belt routing diagram sticker for 4.0L  It's much easier than I made it sound. Any backyard mechanic can figure out this installation easily. Here is my review of the last three kits I have installed as I posted on the Spal review. I am well versed in custom auto installations as well and have built a few ground up hot rods. By the time it reaches mid point it sounds like it is going to release smoke and fail all together. The previous kits I have tried were the AutoLock which worked acceptable for the better half of a year before slowing to a useless speed. The AutoLock motor and pulley drive was made in China and cheaply assembled. To sum it all up:  great quality hitch, stupid Chrysler design. WIthout window tint, this should be blinding by looking directly at it anytime, day or night. I bought it based on other reviewers before me, and their positive reviews held true for me. Since there were no instructions, I said heck with it, and I'm sending back for a new unit just to get the screws. Right up there on brightness with Code 3, Federal Signal, and Whelen. First one is headlights, second one is with the light bar and 2 40 watt fog lights. Problem is, the hole that's pre-drilled on the Serene that the kickstand's bolt goes through, is too small for the installation of this kickstand. Putting love into each one, as if it's being made for their own grandchild. I rely on Amazon reviews to help me make informed buying decisions. I will be updating this review with night time photos and infrared photos of the wiring at time intervals. a very old and cold blooded design)  It worked great last year, for the 2 times I used it. Now I have a gap in my radiator hose that I have to fill so I have ordered another one. It is a real PITA when you have a snowstorm bearing down on you and can't get your tractor to start. Perhaps the manufacturer of this product has corrected the problem. The cover is prominently marked with front and rear printed on it letting you know both the direction and which side goes up. I've found putting this cover on initially took maybe 30 minutes. We had one of those cheap visors from Amazon that helps with direct sunlight. I tried traffic one time in an Interstate highway backup but nothing was available. I mounted in a manner that should not get splashed from below while driving or off roading. Also putting dialectic on all connections and shrink protection on top of terminals. I thought I put that on too thick too....it began to run in places as well. I had hoped this would work as its a great idea....maybe if its not applied 'perfect' you run into these issues. I installed the bags with the line through the top of the coil springs,  because I didn't like the lines hanging from the bottom. I ran the air line through a 1/4 inch wire protective wrap just for extra protection for the air line. I have posted a few of pictures and I hope they help with your installation. Super easy to cut and work with, and somewhat forgiving while placing on panels. I had tan weather tech floor mats in my 2013 Ram 1500 Crew Cab. I ended up trading that truck in when my 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon came in that I ordered.
The Byrds were one of the bright spots in 1965, on their debut album "Mr. Tambourine Man", which include the #1 title track and the #40 "All I Really Want To Do". Roger added lyrics to "He Was A Friend Of Mine", about the assassination of John Kennedy in 1963, nice moving piece. The great chestnut "Satisfied Mind", their first take on their country sound to come. ( Their first take on "The Times They Are A-Changin'", very different than what was on the album, this might be my favorite version. Their first version of Dylan's "It's All Over Baby Blue", (They would use it again on "The Ballad Of Easy Rider", in 1969), the record company didn't think it was strong enough for the album, solid and a keeper in my book. They might look clean when you purchase your car but there not. Buffed it of after sitting for 20 minutes and it was very smooth and shinny. The direction say to leave car alone for 6 hours to completely cure. the next morning I wiped the car down again and used a good paste wax. I had to take it all apart, file and wire brush off some paint (and rust) and get down to shiny metal. When my new refrigerator was delivered by 2 young men, I noticed that there were about 5 inches long scratch on the door. I knew that the boy rushed to leave before it appeared, again. So I bought this "Winegard RV-7042 White Wall Plate Power Supply" from Amazon (Which by the way was considerably less expensive than the RV dealership. I applied liquid electrical tape all over the back of it after I made my connections and then reinstalled it. My thoughts: Campers are whipped together and built fairly cheap. So I believe that anyone could easily run into the same problem I did. It managed to craft a mythical soundscape yet sound modern and kick serious ass. I mention Hansel & Gretel because it was at the premiere of that film that Atli got hired for The Mortal Instruments: City Of Bones. Mortal Instruments is a very different score than Hansel & Gretel. The music feels solely part of the world that the movie exists in, and that's important. It gives the listener a grounding quality for the characters in the setting. Here the chorus has enough weight to give it substance yet light enough to keep it ethereal and mystical. From his extensive history I picked out this set, released five years prior to the Renaissance album of his I love so much (and ten years after he released his first album under&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mixmag/dp/B000003QM0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mixmag</a>). It would be interesting, I thought, to see how his sytle had evolved. Normally a deep, tribal track, Seaman slices the low ends in half and stretches out the ambivalent backgrounds. The rhythm section is still there, almost urgently, but it clashes, fast under slow. Sure, technically it's a sound of the sea, but out of place, none the less. With glints of the brilliance to come, Seaman's DESIRE doesn't fullfill so much as it does betoken. I remember falling asleep to this album on numerous train rides throughout Europe. Eight discs-75,73,74,73,74,74,73,73-minutes each approximately. There's no notes whatsoever except for a list of song titles, composer (s), time, and date, inside the paper title card for each disc. But this is the budget UK  version of this set that was released a while ago. It's nice Warner/Rhino UK fixed the problem and owned up to it. But it can also be used as a gateway to more great music from these artists or, perhaps, others from other labels. KILROY WAS HERE...  The album has toiled under the weight of its results. This method was brought back during the recording of the brilliant CYCLORAMA album. STYX was a band of such mesmerizing sound and unity that Jack Black (who holds the band in unmatched reverence) once stated that it would be impossible for him to imagine playing with because of the sound being "too magical." I love the selections, except that I would have chosen a different piece from Bioshock. Recently, as game soundtracks have become more epic, I have been trying to collect more of them. This has been arranged so perfectly that it has a very full and epic sound to it. If you are a gamer than you absolutely must have this album... Even at full price!! Initially, I, must admit I was slightly disappointed, expecting something more . . . I loved his turn in the new Fierrabras - though the production itself often drove me crazy. They don't disgrace themselves by any means, - far from it - but they seem to be content to rest on their laurels a bit. I do not know anyone who could orchestrate and compose depressing music better. Of course, I just love this music and tilt my zany side toward describing it like this. ( I don't know anybody who conducts this psyche case music any better. In my opinion, this is one of the best rock n' roll album ever made by anybody. Make no mistake: Black Sabbath invented heavy metal as a genre. Sure, one could technically say Iron Butterfly's "Inna Gadda Davidda" was the first metal song per se, but that song was essentially a novelty, a one-off by a band which was more akin to a harder-edged version of the Doors, which just happened to hit upon the right combination of baroque melodies, lurching note intervals, and thick distortion on this one song for it to be metal's first appearance. Sure, the first album's sound owes some of its lineage to Cream (compare the drumming in the verses of "Black Sabbath" to "We're Going Wrong", or the insistent riffing and elastic bass of "N.I.B." to "Sunshine of Your Love"), but something.....HAPPENED when that first album was recorded that removed the music from the blue-rock/blues-based hard rock arena, and made it something that no one had heard before. "The Black Box" remedies this, as it was drawn from the original master tapes, and apparently supervised by the band itself. In addition, prior issues with channels cutting out on "War Pigs", "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath", or "Hole in the Sky" have been corrected. While "black masses", "the Hand of God", and Satan are referenced, this is done in the service of making social commentary about war and greed. Nobody was really doing what Sabbath was doing at that time- not Blue Cheer, not Dust, not Sir Lord Baltimore. This is also the album where the band very consciously back-tracked from any "occultist/Satanist" veneer they may have allowed, by writing expressly pro-Christian songs such as "After Forever" and the doom metal masterpiece "Lord of This World". Volume 4 saw the band expanding its sound: "Changes" was their most commercial sounding song to date, a ballad (later tragically defiled by Ozzy's daughter in an ill-conceived 2005 remake) that eschewed guitars and drums for a piano and mellotron (played by Iommi and Butler), while Laguna Sunrise was a beautiful acoustic instrumental with a lush orchestral accompaniment. Sabbath Bloody Sabbath: The connoisseur's Black Sabbath album, SBS doesn't really boast much in the way of songs well-known to the mainstream, but it may well contain some of the band's most well-arranged and performed music. Sprawling, nightmarish songs like "Megalomania" and "The Writ" were filled with a world-weary, visceral menace that bordered on desperation, a reflection of the band's increasing internal and external pressures. Still, it's hard to fault an album with a song like the epic closer "Dirty Women". The resulting album, Never Say Die, was sort of a mess, and it seemed as if the band had no idea what direction to go in. Cherry Pink and Apple Blossom White was pretty much as I heard it when I was a teenager. That album had more original songs and to me is a valuable oldie. Songs on the album include hauntingly beautiful renditions of "A Certain Smile", "Stairway to the Sea" and "Small World". The song "Teacher, Teacher" is notable for an amazingly jazzy orchestral backup. It's a mystery why Columbia titled this album "Greatest Hits".
I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave. If Jimi Hendrix played Jazz fusion, this album is what you would have heard from him. Leads are shared with Steve Marcus on sax, who stayed with Coryell on into the Eleventh House band. Mervin Bronson locks down the bass, with a driving groove, that doesn't wander far from the home plate. After that modal workout, you land into THE GREAT ESCAPE, which is again a riff oriented, boogie song. I rarely buy any jazz or rock album, and listen to it front to back. He sounds as far out as 1972 Jerry Garcia, without the noodling, or lost trains of thought. If you think this sort of music sounds appealing, I URGE you to get this album, before it goes back out of print. However, the BEST OF CORYELL CDs that are floating around by Vanguard records don't include any of these songs. I know that I've harped on singers in the past, but the fact is that a voice that isn't crisp or doesn't have a lot of range really limits what the band can do artistically. * And of course, the relatively daring subject matter, including suicide (always a touchy subject). This song is deserved to be on one of her collections and finally it appears. There's too many albums and too many great songs that have gotten missed with her two greatest hits efforts. Ever since, I have been trying to find bands that provide the same thrill. With Enigmatic: Calling, Pagan's Mind blends almost non-stop energy with excellent musicianship. In style, Jorn reminds me of the best of a hybrid Petrucci/Van Halen. Supremacy Our Kind may be the most progressive song with several changes in tempo and heaviness. His vocal chord is so unique as if he was chewing tobacco and drinking wine while singing. The photo of the band gives me a wistful, bittersweet feeling. I think I once did a drawing of that photo, mainly because I was so enamored of the music and the band. We were all in our late teens or early twenties, so young, so fit, so strong, full of possibilities, and it was a different world. Maybe the digital technology has it's limits too, and the original 77-80-83 master tapes cannot allow any more enhancing, but I don't think, that the Throne Room and End Title from A New Hope has to sound so scratchy as it does in all of the editions. Compare the two editions with one another, and let them speak for themselves. It strived in its simplicity and gave Tony Stark his rock star identity. Some may have questioned Doyle's ability to provide a thunderous score that needed to match Thor's thunderous personality. There are two central themes at play here; what I call the 'heroic' theme and the 'danger' theme. But honestly I have listened to many scores that seem to forget that they too need to set up character, setting and story. As the album concludes the hero theme comes back into play and grows and grows. McLean had more to offer than that epic pop music history  clef. Before American Pie made him famous, McLean wrote biting social commentary in songs such as Respectable. Following that, Dreidel had a deceptively upbeat pop arrangement which made the lyrics seem more bland than they are:  No days you can borrow, no time you can buy. His albums performed similarly; by the early 80s, he was seen as a relic of the decade that started with Crosby, Stills and Nash and ended with disco, which tells us something about changes in popular taste. Throw a castle in the air, where it falls you pretty much know where . . . Vapid, without edge, depth, or resonance, it represents the major flaw of the band. and Moonlight Kiss is a swinging, smashing arrangement reminiscent of the old 1940's musicals/Copacabana type numbers. The background vocals by the band are perfect--take a listen to Moonlight Kiss, in particular! Malo continues to surpass himself with each album--and that's saying a LOT!!! After this, the music gets older, including 3 tracks from the Necroticism period. Of these, 'Pyosisified' [try saying that 3 times fast] and 'Hepatic Tissue Fermentation II' are worth mention. Overall, an interesting retrospective (in reverse chronological order) of Carcass' rarer material. I'm not sure what it was that made me decide to take the plunge - maybe it was that insane cover picture with the rabbit head and the huge cartoon guitar. When it arrived I immediately started listening and trying to digest this massive amount of music. For every track that's a gem, there are two or three that are OK but nothing to write home about. But really the sound quality issue is a very minor one, at best. If you don't like what you're hearing at any given moment, just hang out for a few tracks and odds are you'll soon be listening to something completely different. Yet Nelson manages to take all those influences and create his own sound. Overall, Blood Of The Earth is far from being a perfect Hawkwind album, but it is still a suprisingly enjoyable and interesting album. In a critically acclaimed recording of Tchaikovsky Symphonies No. What strikes me first with these performances is their immediacy. That track will remind you of Sao Paulo Confessions - and it should given the time frame and that Parahyba and Suba were very very close. DJ Dolores is next with "Monica No Samba", a slower beat with touches of guitar. And what's an electric Samba cd without perhaps the biggest and best - Ninja-Tune's Amon Tobim. Suba does feature in a track featuring M.A.U. - neat effects, fast paced, intense. But perhaps one of my favorite tracks on the cd is well known & respected DJ Apollo 9 with "Nao Fique Ai". The raunchiness kicks in with the reggae tinged "Girls Dem So Hot" and "Girl in the Mall". The latter makes Too $hort look like Mr. Rogers as he lays down the details of his booty call from a cashier he meant at....you guessed it- the Mall! .That track alone comes close to outdoing the U on his own record until he takes control back with "Nobody Move". The laid back jazzy bassline and Daddy U's trademark smoothness punctuates a robbery tale that sounds like a deleted scene from Hoodlum as he holds up a gambling spot,  bank, and end up behind bars. At the surface it may sound like a rip off from Kool G Rap's "Rikers Island" but I.U.'s tale breaks down prison life from a fallen Drug Dealer's perspective as to how it affects him inside as well as outside the prison walls- as opposed "Rikers Island" where G. Rap breaks down the dangers of internal prison life and what's necessary for survival. The R&B vocals is probably one of the vainest examples of musical indulgences I heard since Isaac Hayes "Joy" ,but it does add a unforgettable charm as she sounds like one of many heartbroken women who as Grand Daddy would say "Sugar Free". In fact, between the three records he released, this is the album that defines his style best. I.U. thrives on self confidence while Kane thrives on vanity. Not to put Kane down, or to say one is better than the other, but if you listen closely to both men's flow, you'll notice that both are different ingredients in the same pot of soup.
I went to blow it one day and it took more pressure than normal. I've called in a couple deer with it and yup they were all shooters and some 2.5yrold bucks but it works without a doubt i'll be trying their black rack system next year. The 5th Soulfly album since Max Cavaleras departure from Sepultura. The album starts with The Dark Ages a creepy string intro that leads you into Babylon which is a heavy fast paced,head banging guitar groove driven song. I and I is awesome just relentless and fast,drums kicking like crazy and bass rumbling away. Arise Again is super fast in vein of Refuse/Resist with ferocious guitars and wicked thick drum patterns. Corrosion Creeps is another song almost like Attitude,the bass drones and the drums are really intricate. The album closer is the instrumental Soulfly V and it is so beautifully melodic,they really have grown into their zone. The songs he performs are not the same kind of "fusion" flare that you, the casual listener, are going to be accustomed to. He was a jazz fusion pioneer, sure, but things have changed since then. As to comment on something a reviewer said in the review prior to mine, he mentioned how he was disappointed that Al Di Meola didn't talk to the audience more. To me, it's good enough to actually have something of him playing on DVD. If he doesn't talk or if he does really shouldn't be a valid complaint anyway. This DVD is worth every penny, and fans of Al Di Meola are going to especially like this. Then hunger with me for more - dream with me of going HIGHER in faith. Starting with bands Overkill, Testament, Death Angel, Annihilator, and others. I am so against anything that remotely puts a band above other great bands. I purchased this item for the novely of seeing what it would be like buying an album on a USB stick. The potential for neat things is clearly there but this product offers nothing that couldn't be packaged in a regular CD/DVD format with a few additional data files. All you get are a few extra pictures including a fascmile of the setlists for each nights with complete musician credits acknowleding little known facets like when Blondie Chaplin plays guitar on a few numbers, and Tim Ries on keyboards. To think there are dozens of live Grateful Dead albums, and even though I don't consider myself a "Deadhead," I honestly enjoy having "umpteen" versions of "Sugar Magnolia" live because they capture the feeling of a Dead concert. It doesn't really try to capture a full scale Stones concert anyway. After twenty six years, does anybody give a hoot you still can't understand him singing half the lyrics on "Exile on Main Street?" Some good points, "As Tears Go By" is one of the best live ballads they've ever recorded complete with Keith on 12 string. The instrumental performance is so strong that Jagger's wishy-washy vocals don't bring it down that much. It sounds more like a live performance relying less on digital samples that has been the norm since "Steel Wheels/Urban Jungle." Thirty-plus years later, it remains a musical and lyrical masterpiece. Let it also be known that in terms of vocal talent, Lovato appears to be the best among the four. Solo", "U Got Nothin' On Me", "Everything You're Not", & "World Of Chances" are solid, thoroughly enjoyable tracks that are just comfortable to hear. " But Lovato deserves a lot of credit for being able to hold this record together with a vocal range that seems to be beyond her 17 years of age (as of this writing). Her vocal talent & sound will mature with age and that should be expected. Key Tracks: "Everytime You Lie", "Here We Go Again", "Gift Of A Friend", "Falling Over Me", "Catch Me". Recorded during Dr. John's early prime and when he had most of his Atlantic LPs already under his belt. The sound quality is good enough but not audiophile; compressed a bit. If you can sit still through that entire song without at least twitching your shoulders you are truly dead. The four "star" rating is for the performances--not the sound quality--which is rough in spots on this approximately 4 1/2 hours set. But Graham Bond was a large piece of the musical foundation in Britain during those formative years in the '60s for so many musicians who went on to form important bands. Hopefully this set will become more widely  available soon for those wanting to take the  plunge. This edition of his band was actually a pretty good group of musicians which you can hear on these tapes. Much like some collections of old blues music you have to get past the sonic anomalies as best you can and concentrate on the music. All in all, ultimately, a nice addition to Bond's discography and some great listening for fans. The only real dog here is "The Speed of Love" which should have been titled "The Speed of a Slug." " I am not sure if it is an essential Rush record, but it is still pretty darned good. It is really a full techno song with black vocals and lyrics. If you want a pure techno song with black vocals, Cradle of Filth's song does the job and the last song on this band's previous release does the job beautifully. The liner notes in the 2003 reissue also state that the album is "remarkably varied". This House Is On Fire" is a middling rewrite of "Hells Bells". " But the true AC/DC aren't about lame cockrock; they're about ass-kicking hard rock, and "Flick of the Switch" does a very fine job of capturing the true essence of the band--this album is a must for any true AC/DC fan. This is my first in-depth experience with Leonard Cohen, so you who are accustomed to his work will have to forgive my naive enthusiasm. The best comparison that I can come up with is that this artist combines the intellect of Bob Dylan with the delivery of Marianne Faithfull. This is poetry;  it is bleak, it is depressing, it is horrifying, it is humorous, it is beautiful. With Das Seelenbrechen, a whole new scope is deploying before our eyes. Yes, this is a new sound to some extent but a vision coming from the past. Here he goes, throwing himself into the fury of Hiber (winter) with ominous filmcore keyboard resounding like a Mussorgsky's night and echoing TSS Somnium in its calmer section. After an amount of listening, depending on who is the listener, the album will unfold its cohesion, and the omnipresent cinematic shadow will reveal the hidden structure, the story line behind the veil. Pulse acts just like it's your favorite song, suave, sober in structure and strangely sensual. Speaking of Ihsahn's psyche, the next song is the counterpart or musically the counterpoint to Pulse, the dark side of Ihsahn's psyche. Thank you again Ihsahn, to deceive our expectations for to transform them into the pure joy of astonishment. Musically, this is the most keyboards driven album that Ihsahn has done since Anthems, but it has some of the best guitar soli heard in all the man's career. Ihsahn's voice is in top shape, better than ever, in my opinion. I my personal case, I do prefer the second half, the songs, especially Rec, M and Sub Ater bring me in an ethereal state, lost in reverie. A somber reverie, delectably deliquescent as the purpose of Das Seelenbrechen is to break the soul, and the mold. It has been one of my favorites because of her since I first got it on LP back in 1960. The story concerns an Irish woman who comes to India to visit her daughter. To her dismay, she learns that her daughter has died in childbirth. However, whatever the book problems, the score by Academy Award winning Sammy Fain and Paul Francis Webster is excellent.
I am not into panhandling or begging since we ( Two Border Collies) set out to move. Edgy, in-your-face percussion dominates the song, brilliantly contrasting the sparkling guitars. You can even hear it in his playing....his guitar just WAILS here! Contrary to popular belief, Buckingham DOES play well with others, and he should do it more often! Lines such as "For your love I must be on time/Wait for hours alone by your shrine", "I won't look for what I might find" and "I can go crazy without even trying" just shine. "One Take" is another favorite of mine....again, not because it's a classic, but because it's fresh and fun and far out in left field, certainly compared to much of the rest of the album. and a haunting female voice on backing vocals (Any ideas???). Things wind up with another Rolling Stones cover, this time being the vintage "She Smiled Sweetly." Just vocal and guitar, the track closes SEEDS WE SOW on a quiet, intimate note. Marty Balin's one solo composition "It's No Secret" is a brilliant love song--Balin's exuberant, from the gut vocals on it are intoxicating, and the song's surprising bridge section elevates it to a whole other level of genius. "High Flying Bird" wasn't included on the original album, perhaps because they felt they already had one gloomy cover song with "Tobacco Road", and "...Bird" does have a similar feel, but it's wisely appended here. The 'early version' of the rocker "Go To Her" and an 8+ minute take of "And I Like It" are just a couple more goodies that round out what appears to be THE definitive version of this beyond-classic album (although some fans may also want the version that presents the whole album in mono & stereo versions). To my way of thinking, that album sounded like a talented guy finding his way musically who maybe wasn't there yet. Vile is ably assisted by his band, The Violators, over the course of the album. "Sometimes when I get in my zone you'd think I was stoned but I never, as they say, touch the stuff. I wait 3 to 6 weeks for my item, then I wait a few weeks more. through third-party, independent vendors, working with Amazon. Everybody I've played it for loves it (though it got zero play on radio), and Gracie Slick's voice never sounded better, or more powerful and lambent. It possesses an infectious quality about it which ends up making it irresistibly hummable! Next up, my ABSOLUTE FAVE when I received this album as an LP for Christmas in 1982:  "Black Widow." It will be nigh IMPOSSIBLE, with 6 of 9 stellar rock pieces, and arguably some of Gracie's FINEST work, and arguably some of Craig's BEST of his best work on display as well - for you to NOT listen raptly and intently, with headphones tightly (but comfortably) enconsced over your "salivating ear drums" (talk about a mixed metaphor there), imagining that you're in a fast sports convertible (passenger seat preferred), top down, riding fast with the wind in your hair and lightning coming up over the horizon on a thunderclouded midwest plain, jamming to "The Winds of Change." When this project was originally announced, I rolled my eyes and had absolutely no desire to bother checking it out. When I got to Death Magnetic, I remembered "Oh god... after this they did that Lou Reed album. But I'd rather get paper cuts between all of my fingers and toes than listen to S&M again. *Excepting: Richard Brautigan and Kurt Brecht	I was first introduced to The Twilight Sad during the spring of 2009 when they were touring with Mono. As a supporting act, I did not have much expectation as to being impressed with what was to come. There are familiar instruments and familiar sounds combining forces for something grand. It all ranges from soothing ambience to unsettling, brooding meshing of dark synth and distorted guitar (again, richly presented). The music is delightful and could take you through the record on its own. With Graham singing his words, The Twilight Sad become complete. There is good reason this album has been receiving such high praise. These musicians know what they are doing and are happy to wrap it all up to present it to us with their own Glasgow flair. As to another reviewer's dissertation on what constitues a "Mozart singer", hogwash! Montserrat Caballe failing to understand at every moment that she is singing Mozart? Colin Davis rivals his own Tosca (also with Caballe) in this recording. In my opinion, "Champion," with its native rhythms and synthesizers is the most outstanding track. Between sweet sounds, perceptively sharp lyrics, Kanye has finished his trilogy on a good note. " I appreciate music in all forms and various genres, but I thought this was fairly specific in its title. Otherwise, all titles are sung by the original artists and is pretty well done. When I heard it was from the 'Bridges To Babylon' tour, I was thrilled because I thought it was the soundtrack to the live dvd. Actually, it's a mishmash of old and new songs taken from different tour stops, with a few tunes from the dvd. This is probably the single best performance of the band's career. The 3 CDs in the GRACE JONES: DISCO box set deserves 5-stars and comes with a booklet written by author Daryl Easlea that provides a bio of Jones and describes the circa, which helps to contextualize the songs on these albums, so listeners will understand a little about the time and place that produced it. Likewise, there are plenty of extra tracks on each CD that make this set worth buying even if you already have the original LPs or CDs of any of the three. In any case, GRACE JONES: DISCO is definitely worth picking up. 2, on the other hand, has plenty of incisive attacks, but is rather too aggressive in approach, and the "Malincolico" slow movement doesn't plumb the depths (or seize the listener) quite as effectively as Bernstein in his NY Philharmonic recording. 6 as I have heard; the satirical element is much in evidence, as it must be. Anyone coming to the Nielsen Symphonies for the first time will probably be blown away by the intensity and conviction of Bostock's renditions; and the Liverpudlians are with him every step of the way. As another reviewer has opined, the wind and brass playing of this ensemble are particularly impressive. For the wind concertos and the works for string orchestra, Bostock leads a crack ensemble from the Czech Republic. The two major chamber works included (Wind Quintet, Violin Sonata no. In the end, the strengths of this compilation sufficiently outweigh any weaknesses (of performance, recording, or presentation) to warrant a strong recommendation. Then I backtracked to Gift, which by the way, is a great album. I saw these guys once on the Welcome tour and twice on the Blue Sky Research tour. The single "Wherever I Stand" is pretty catchy, but not in the same realm as past singles like "Poem" or "Calling." The chorus just feels forced and would've been more appropriately sung by Chris Daughtry. Some of this might be the barebones style of the album, not many hands on deck. No... but it is one that leaves me confused and disappointed. I wish I could like it more, but Modern Art is an album that doesn't return the favor. Tebaldi has a sweetness and charm to her voice that has always suited Puccini roles. She does hit a couple of strident notes but overall this is a terrific Minnie. Overall very worth the price and an opera that I've listened to many times since purchasing it.
I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) I had a trident case for my S3 and decided to stick with them since I like how sturdy they are. The hard plastic on top does not cover any sensors or buttons in a way that makes them difficult to use. - The soft silicone portions help to prevent the phone from sliding, either in your hand, on a table, or on your car's dash. This keeps a silicone flap in place to help with weather-proofing the phone. The wire will connect but fall out if pressure is not applied. There are more protective cases out there, but I really like the look of the Speck Grip, and it has a quality feel in the hand. For a little more protection in similar style, I like the Ballistic Aspire cases also. I had at least 25 seconds longer to catch the phone with the case than I believe it would have slid off without the case. You can't go wrong with either, but I think I like this one more. I got it today and have tried it out for water and it works great. And I don't know why others have complained so much about the silent button but it works every single time I have done it. I don't really drop my phone so drop protection is not a big deal to me. This case should be more for a little pool use or just accidental drops in water. If you want the water protection warranty,  don't buy from Amazon or any other retailer but Verizon . I also love the fact that I can pick up calls (or hang up) without opening the cover. Now that I received one that closes correctly I am even more thrilled with the case!! On 05/05/2013,  it finally died and it became useless, the joint spins and will not hold the cradle up. The problem is the clip that holds the cradle to the swivel joint does not lock in place tightly. In the end, when the holder finally died, to add insult to injury, when I pushed the release button, it would not release at all. The buttons for the on/off switch and the volume buttons are built into the case. But at the same time gives good protection with the lip on front of the case and at the corners. First myth: They add bulk to your phone... Fact:  NO they do NOT add any bulk to your glass! Second myth: They lower your touch screen's touch sensitivity... Fact:  NO they do not at all interfere with your screen's sensitivity and actually,  another point,  is that the feel of the glass, and the touch sensitivity,  I have been using mine for two weeks,  to make sure I had substantially used my phone a lot, with the screen protector on, so I could give the most honest review possible,  and the thing I mentioned before,  it is like my original glass! I paid a lot for my case,  as you all have too I am sure, and you want that protection you invested in to still be of use and YES it absolutely is,  there is no added bulk,  no added thickness, my cases have fit as they would and did before, with no glass screen protection. Fourth Myth: They don't work: Fact:  which I am so happy to share! so I usually drop my phone,  every other day,  or okay...maybe daily! So upon dropping my galaxy s5,  without case but with this glass screen protector. But still,  NO damage to the glass, OH this is truly amazing protection guys and gals! through amazon, and it was the, Samsung's galaxy,  s5 I ordered and the company brand is, COOLREALL so I have not been so excited about a phone screen protector before!! I haven't really tried any other brand, but I've never really needed to. Important note before I forget: keep track of your order number. This is somewhat related to the fact that this screen protector attracts a LOT of fingerprints and smudges, quite a bit more than the Surface surface itself (note, this is only for the HD clear protectors, I can't speak for the matte). There's not much to say about the screen protectors, which is honestly a good thing. If you have a dusty house or no place to cleanly apply the protector, turn your shower on hot to get some steam in there, to settle dust and prevent more dust from flying up. You should be able to lift up a corner (carefully) and get it using the stickers. If you do screw both of them up beyond repair however, get ahold of Tech Armor. But this is very good spare charger, that can be used for travel, office or just as spare charger at home. In addition, all new devices are moving to a new Quick Charge 3 standard. It has small led light that tells you if charger is working, it does helps a lot. So I am incredulous of all the 1-star reviews written in the last month. Otherbox permanently lost my business with this case, after using them for years. I figured it was either dried out, got too hot somewhere along the way ... just a problem. The second one adhered well but was cut just a slight bit off. SO once again Amazon stood up, sent me a second replacement right away. I like the design and rubbery back feel it has, specially the carbon fiber look. The case is so thin It sometimes feels like I don't have a case on it. I have already dropped my phone a couple of times chest height with this case on and the case has received a minor scratches on the gold sides. So try not to drop it often if you wish to retain the nice gold edge look. The holes on the case are big enough to have my earphones plug in and micro usb cord without struggle. My last case didn't have magnets for this but it wasn't a problem, so even if these ever failed it'd still be a good case. But again - they do work and go a great job of keeping the case closed, and of holding the cover in a folded-back position against the back of the phone when I've got it open. I'm sure if you try it, though, it'll eventually stand for you. One was a friend of mine who just bought property in a desolate, hilly area where the only signal he could get was standing on a picnic table at one spot only. newly constructed) He stepped back 20 feet and still had 3 bars and made a call. For my camper I eventually got down to it and it had a tiny bit better reception. ( Most everyone up there has Verizon and I had a T-Mobile phone. I am not one to quickly replace a phone, but after a month of frustration I couldn't stand it and researched to see what would be a good Nokia phone that might be a good size to fit in my pocket with a slightly better camera than the 521. So with the Samsung I would have to swipe 3 or 4 times to get it to work. The time it would take to fix the autocorrect was not worth it and I had to turn it off. I now have a flash, which is a good thing, but the camera is still not great.
You know how you're so sure a product is going to change your life? This is a problem because it makes scooping the litter difficult, but also because the litter adds weight to the scoop as it sticks. I have always liked this style case but  some said the magnets interfere with the phone. When I choose to take the time to set it up, it goes this way. Also, it will stand up with a charge cable plugged in and your iPhone will fit in the stand even if you have your phone in a protective case. For less than your morning coffee, you can add a bit of strangeness to your life. It has a very attractive look and I expect that it will be durable for a long time and keep my phone safe from harm and in great condition for a long-time! One caveat:  I did not install the included screen protector. If you haven't been having problems with your Nexus 6 randomly shutting down, then you are LUCKY. I turn the battery case on when I use my phone and it gets me through the day. PRO: Allows you to charge the phone at any time and keeps it from randomly shutting down. I fixed this by double-sided-taping the battery to the phone and gluing a small piece of plastic to the bottom of the USB bracket. Unlike some reviewers here, I had no problem getting the connector to "fit" with the radio. I'm not quite sure why the USB end of the connector is so large. Baofeng has always been know for their incredibly cheap two-way radios. Not only can I access my lightning port, meaning I can sync via iTunes with normal speed, but it's specifically designed to slip on and off. Sorry Spyder, nice idea in many ways but horrible execution and customer service is non-existent. In late February I put it in to charge and nothing happened so I looked and the small metal conductors on the right side had fallen off. So I guess I'll go with this for awhile then go back to Mophie. I wanted to like this case but these issues just made it very difficult. Let the battery drain throughtout the day and charged it at 13%. I woke up and unplugged it at 9AM and by 8PM the battery is at 72%! This was the first charge cycle I have used with the battery and I'm pretty impressed. This phone is amazing and for the amount I paid for the phone I'm going to protect it with a case. I missed being able to play my music and did not want to wear headphones while driving (plus its illegal). I plugged the bluetooth receiver into the cigarette lighter and paired it with my phone using bluetooth. I'm not sure if it's the adhesive layer that kept it together or what, but I dig it. I purchased two of these last week in the red/black, and have come back to purchase two of this color for my daughter and two more red/black ones for myself, so that I can daisy-chain them with the ones I already have. I've been playing music nonstop today on two of them daisy-chained together, and they are still working like they are newly charged. Love that I can adjust the volume on these things, rather than only have the option to adjust it on the source. The low-profile of the unit means you don't have to worry about knocking it about--it can easily stay situated, even on slopes--especially since there are tiny rubber nodules at each corner of its bottom to give it extra grab. It might sound like having it be so tip-proof might not be such a big deal, but when you consider that you have functional power and volume buttons, you want to be able to press down on those without having the unit rock or tip over (on this model, the area that is blue actually presses inward on three sides--one is power, one is +volume, the other is -volume). Tips to avoid problems:  This may sound like plain common sense but a lot of people don't do a practice run first. This is the reason why some people have spots that won't stick. Since the screen saver doesn't allow any room for error, you really have to be sure both sides are perfectly aligned edge to edge. If you have a white iPhone, it shouldn't be a problem to line up. Well the side lighting created the smallest hint of a shadow through the screen saver. Had I been working on my phone in a vertical position I'm sure I would have been thrown off by the shadow enough to run into the same issues as others with the rainbow line. Fortunately the front camera still works fine and I didn't cover the home button up. Without them I would have struggled to get this centered without getting oil and prints all over it. Not to mention that they never really look as clear as they should be. No edges are lifting and none are over curved parts of screen. Could they have made this a 0.5mm wider to make things a bit easier for us? The first thing I noticed is the new redesign is a blatant "hey look I'm an iOttie product". Second, when you flip the arm to the more "compact mode" its actually a good 2 inches shorter then before, which now forces you to use it in reverse so get the extra extension. Also why do I need to provide proof of purchase and a picture of the defective product. If you read my reviews for the wiring harnesses and install kits, you know you need to research, research, research what you need for YOUR vehicle install. The biggest "ghetto look" is the Bluetooth (BT) dongle which just kinda hangs out under the stereo mount where I filed a hole to run it through...  (My wife didn't want me cutting holes in her dash or center console.) Same passkeys not matching error message, even though they matched...  Back to the internet...  Finally read on a forum where someone used the volume button on the head unit (as per the verbatim JVC instructions) to start the pairing instead of their phone's interface. There has been some smudging on the outer pink cover from being in her pockets or rubbing on other materials. A friend of mine also has the same case and she is a bit more rough with her case and it's constantly being tossed around in her bag/purse. So in a nutshell...if you are a busy woman and are constantly having it in your purse when it gets banged around or constantly in your pockets, you might not want to get such a light color like this highlighter pink. :) The volume and Lock Rockers are easy to press, you don't have to put force when pressing the buttons. I don't see that ever happening with this at all...it locks in firmly, even when you wiggle the case while in the holster.
I have a thick beard and this sandalwood cream is designed specifically to deal with thick beards. It is also a scent that lasts, which I take as a mark of Proraso quality. And they don't work on all of Tmobiles bands as of yet, which is a confusing whole seperate issue. stays cool while it charges and while it charges other items. Cons:  Can charge one, not two devices at a time, like other similar devices. Some headphone plugs don't fit but that is pretty standard for most cases of this type. It isn't too slick or rubbery, has good feel and is easy to grip. It also shows no signs of wear or getting loose around the hinges though I have used it constantly for months. Case still looks good, some wear and scratches but perfect working condition. My primary reason for purchasing this case was undoubtedly for the kickstand. I have no doubt that if I dropped my tablet in this from any normal height, the consequences would be catastrophic, but perhaps not. - It's form fitting, so much so that I'm afraid to take it off. With that said, I could explain all the reasons I love this, or. I was fortunate enough to catch this song when it was free on Amazon. But quite honestly, a wonderful way to explore new music, too. Mule--great instrumental work, good vocals, good song selection--and with pretty good sound--pure and alive. It's almost as if you're sitting there for these three gigs with sound so visceral, exciting, and immediate. If you want this set, the music's great, but it's a crap-shoot as to the "glue problem". But they're not pristine looking, which is how  I like to keep my music library--after all--it's my money I'm spending. I expect to receive a quality product which, sadly, this  is not. Coltrane, Shepp, Taylor, The Black Panthers, protest vs. revolution. His chords are so tuneful, this music is just a joy to listen to. These are no LP transfers with record needle pops and crackles, it must be direct from the source tape or a quality remastering. There are also some really great individual performances, especially Nadezda Kniplova as Brunnhilde and Rolf Polke as Wotan. On the negative side, some vocal performances fall short of the best recordings of the Ring, and the orchestra is good but not always great (I heard what I felt was a clunker every now and again). On the technical side, bitrates are variable with averages in the 216-269 kbps range. But apparently after getting sober and getting the awfulness of "With Teeth" out of his system the man is just that. A total of thirty six tracks, "Ghosts" is as sprawling in ambition as "The Fragile", even without the accompaniment of vocals. And let's all be honest with each other: the weakest point to any Nine Inch Nails record has always been the lyrical skills of Reznor. 25 in A Minor, WoO 59 "Fr Elise" 11 Frederic Chopin  -  Etude in E Major, Op. Trumerei 14 Tomaso Giordani  -  Caro mio ben 15 Camille Saint-Saens  -  Carnival of the Animals: XIII. Dance of the Swans 27 Franz Schubert  -  Schwanengesang, D. 957: IV. Stndchen 28 Franz Schubert  -  Gianni Schicchi: O mio babbino caro 29 Antonin Dvorak  -  Two Waltzes in A Major, Op. 1, Moderato 30 Johann Sebastian Bach & Charles Gounod  -  Ave Maria	Before purchasing this new Bach Guild release, I made a quick check of my own collection just to be sure that I didn't already have it. Contrast those historic performances with the Bruch concerto and Scottish Fantasy performed by the Japanese violinist Yuzuko Horigome  There is some overlap with the Bach Guilds earlier 'Big Violin Box' and 'Big Baroque Box Vol III' (see notes below) so for those who have already acquired that set this is a point to be aware of. Still, for 99 cents a bit of duplication is not objectionable. 5 in A Major, K219 (Turkish) -- Joseph Silverstein, violin; Joseph Silverstein conducting the Rochester Philharmonic (originally released on Pro Arte CD, 1994)  Max Bruch: Violin Concerto No. 61 -- Joseph Silverstein, violin; Joseph Silverstein conducting the Utah Symphony Orchestra (recorded October 3, 1984 at Symphony Hall, Salt Lake City, and originally released on Pro Arte CD 228,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beethoven-Violin-Concerto-Consecration-of-the-House-Overture/dp/B00DM6BJ5E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beethoven: Violin Concerto / Consecration of the House Overture</a>)  Johannes Brahms: Violin Concerto in D Major, Op. Going back to 2010 when Stevie was working on her "In Your Dreams" album she discovered one her lost demos, "Secret Love", on YouTube. As a long time fan, I've had these demos in my collection for years, when I heard what her plan was, I was skeptical. Among the highlights, the album kicks off with "Starshine", this is a fun rocker that is a great album opener and would also be a killer opening song on stage. With Sharon and Lori providing their background vocals, the song is classic Stevie. The music track was written by Tom Petty guitarist Mike Campbell and Waddy Wachtel. I've always liked this one and yet again, Stevie's vocals have somehow transported back to the 70's. I never cared for the demo, but once again the song has come alive here. "Cathouse Blues" was always something of a oddball among Stevie's demos. Years have passed since she wrote this and she has moved on from whatever inspired her, but yet she sings it as if it was inspired just yesterday. Stevie said recently that she couldn't write these songs today. As I recall, she played a new song she said she'd recently written, "Everything Has Changed." I preordered Lucinda's "West" set while my wife was still here. Sometimes you have to stare it in the face to get through it. Outside the Bach Guild imprint, Seymour and his brother Maynard explored other areas of untapped repertoire. But now a moment to consider what we weren't able to put inthis is one of the few Big Boxes where there was a tremdendous amount of material that we couldn't include, due to mechanical copyright restrictions (we don't sell any copyrighted music  or else we couldn't sell these boxes for .99). But, while themes of oppression, governmental control, revolution and war were expected, I never expected this to be a modern day version of Romeo & Juliet  sort of. and in doing so specifically supports the legacy of Dream Theater and in general all forms of musical expression. With the exception of the overture type songs that we hear at the beginning of Act I and Act II (not new to Dream Theater), it has been a long time since I heard these guys emphasize the melody and really serve the song in this regard. Their "music" only occupies 5 short tracks on the entire 2CD set. And while I realize the deluxe packages and vinyl packages will provide more in the area of presentation I still cant help but think the label could have done a better job with a release of this magnitude. I suspect that will come with a BD/DVD live presentation most likely after the tour has concluded. Well, with the criticisms about the overly compressed CD version being mostly valid, some fans will be glad to know that the vinyl version does really impart to these songs a more open and vibrant quality, although the difference between the CD and vinyl is not quite as noticeable on this release as that on, say the new Iron Maiden album where the vinyl sounds worlds better than the CD. The bass end does gain traction on the vinyl, but it still seems a bit suppressed (bass drum and guitar that is). Still, until we hear the live performances (which steal the show sound-wise from what Ive read in reviews so far) I think it is fair to say that the vinyl version, which sounds more dynamic and less compressed than the mp3/CD versions, does this composition more justice but still seems a bit lacking in the low frequency punch. Take this song, listen to it, and i assure you will feel better and be dancing around.
Thick heavy silicone material with raised flames to grip your food. Cleanup is awesome, it says dishwasher safe but personally, i think it's easier to leave them on and wash as you would your hands. Dont hold on to a hot oven rack, steak weight, cast grill rack, hot metal object... for more than 30 secs or so. I have tried several different brands, these i keep hanging on the cupboards. I consider him an international A-list pianist -- not that I'm an expert, but Jando is certainly the real deal. Update: I understand this has now been corrected -- check the samples to make sure.) Also, it's a shame that on orchestral pieces (excerpts from piano concertos and the like), only the names of the orchestras are listed. Finally, buyers of previous sets from Cobra Entertainment will face a high repetition rate. 15 - Evelyne Dubourg 5  Chopin - Nocturne in C sharp minor op. 19,1 - Jen Jando 33 Mussorgsky - The Old Castle (from "Pictures Of An Exhibition") - Dnes Vrjon 34 Brahms - Intermezzo in A Major op. 3 (Thema con Variazioni) - Jen Jando 74 Mozart - Piano Sonata in F Major K 332: II - Margarete Babinsky 75 Brahms - Intermezzo in B flat minor op. 15: II - Sofia Philharmonic 81 Debussy - Danseuses des delphs (from ("Preludes I") - Zheni Zaharieva 82 Chopin - Mazurka in C minor op. 2 - Jen Jando 87 Schubert - Piano Sonata in E minor D566: I - Peter Rsel 88 Chopin - Mazurka in B minor op. 11: II - Budapest Philharmonic	Having enjoyed some instrumental versions of a few pieces in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/30-Must-Have-Cello-Romances/dp/B00GTUHDL4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">30 Must-Have Cello Romances</a>, I thought this greater variety of pieces was worth trying. Some were entirely instrumental to begin with, but many would normally have vocals. que gli ochi" (Instrumental Version) 77) Richard Wagner; The Valkyrie, WWV 86b, Act I: Siegmund's Love Song (Instrumental Version) 78) Giacomo Puccini; La Bohme, Act IV: Duet Rodlfo and Marcello - "In un coup ... O Mim tu pi non torni" (Instrumental Version) 79) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; The Marriage of Figaro, K. 492, Act I: Bartolo's Aria - "La vendetta" (Instrumental Version) 80) Richard Wagner; Siegfried, WWV 86c, Act III: Finale (Instrumental Version) 81) Giacomo Puccini; Turandot, Act III: Duet Calaf and Liu - "Che  mai di me?" ( Suffice to say these performances (with a few songs appearing more than once) are superb--Morrison and his hot band are on cracking form. And listen to the bass/drums foundation that seamlessly propel this  music. With that said, I could explain all the reasons I love this, or. It would be much more beneficial to just listen to the sample that Amazon provides and judge it for yourself. A great way to construct an entire music library, and admittedly, the way I obtained most of my own music. The sight of the brown Amazon box & the excitement of getting a new delivery? The inside comes with a removable brown flap that holds the gift card perfectly. Unlike other gift cards where you are stuck to a particular retailer/restaurant. At the time I'm writing this review, it appears you can purchase the gift cards in $25-$2000 amounts. UPDATE: 5/31/16  After all the "hulabaloo" about an empty Noodles & Co. gift card, I found out from Noodles corporate office customer setvice that you CANNOT enter all the numbers on the back of the gift card to check the balance...only the last 14 numbers from the card. =============================== Feb 2016 When I first purchased my gift card  I went online to the Noodles website and checked the balance on my NEW gift card several times and each time it said NO BALANCE. Amazon gift card in an adorable cupcake shaped tin- what's not to love? The Amazon card makes a great gift & the bonus tin is "icing on the cake". ;) Very nice that Amazon offers this adorable tin with their gift cards. You never know when you'll be invited to a party or have an event come up where you'll need a quick gift. This even after the payments I'll end up making is far better than freezing or being hungry. I was weary about purchasing this product because of all of those 1-star reviews. Dumb, I know, but if it isn't working, try removing the spaces just in case. The nature of a complicated illness may or may not be a factor that determines clinical outcomes. Healthy supplement options are at times only as good as the Company that makes them. But when i add two table spoons of Bragg's vinegar, morning and evening, to about 4 oz of water and about 4 oz of Pomegranate juice the taste becomes delectable. It is not often that you come across a purchase on the web that has so many positives, to sing its praises. On top of that I have not even mentioned a word about the price, which was the lowest for this product on the internet. But remember happiness does not come from what you drink or eat, but it comes from inside and this drink is just a compliment to your own happiness. The fish itself was very firm and took some effort to break open with a fork. I am so glad this luxury now involves giving clean well water to those in world who had no clean water (says so right on the bottle). There is a website that discusses the mineral content of bottled water brands. Can't believe its finally available online minus the typical $56+ in shipping fees. Every box I get from Amazon of this product is a crushed box mess. Interior Volvic box is busted open and in my last order even a bottle was missing. What a pleasant way to take (doctor approved) herbal supplements - that work! It's gotten very difficult to control in the last few years, so any little thing that improves my comfort level is enthusiastically embraced. ( You see, originally I didn't buy this tea for use as a sleep aid, or to help me with JRA. I leave the teabag inside because it won't easily come back out. Possibly leading to a nap ;) Plus I always refill the bottle once to get the most out of the teabag (and the bottle!) I just now made sure to order the 6-pack offered by Amazon with Amazon Prime, so in a few days I'll have 6 boxes of Rest tea - 96 teabags!
If you're new to the series, I would definitely get this title. You build a few new cities which eventually become unhappy for reasons you can barely control and you bump into other civs that all have better technology than you. I make an oatmeal using my slow cooker that both my husband and I love. Initiall I thought it was my slow cooker and I bought a new one. Please read my note below:  I have tried this recipe several times and it is excellent. WHAT YOU GET: 3x CHEESE AND ONION - Imagine a FUNYUM flavored potato chip with a cheese dusting. The chips themselves were of good quality, fresh and interesting flavors. earn 5 stars The wonky delivery service and possible shady dealings by BritishMart earn 2 stars. Monster Energy leaves me with "payback" if I drink it two days in a row; NOS can make me twitchy; Full Throttle makes my irises twitch. These things are great if you are trying to avoid sugar yet are not overly crazy about drinking plain bottled water. Now I know not to buy the variety pack next time and will only get the flavor(s) I like. I fold over the little package and just place it back in the box for another time. I did use an entire packet on my first bottle and WOWZA -- talk about SWEET!! I consider myself to have a sweet tooth and was drinking a LOT of sugary soft drinks each day until my doctor told me I am borderline diabetic!! My advice is to TRY only using half a packet, or only 1/3, and taste to see if you like it. If you want a stronger flavor, dump the whole packet into your 16 oz bottle of water! I rarely use it for drinks, but I do use it for any recipe that contains coffee. My favorite recipe is tiramisu, and I need a cup of this coffee for dipping the ladyfingers. I will include my favorite tiramisu recipe, excellent for the holidays. Dust with cocoa before serving  Expect raves for this dessert. Product: Numi Organic Tea Gunpowder Green (16 oz)  I've tried several other popular bulk brands of gunpowder tea from both China and Japan, and many of them brewed up too murky/dusty and/or oxidized to varying degrees. Only, one minor negative, slices are not separated with waxed paper. Just make sure to bring up to near room temperature to make separating easier. Spread thinly over a slice of the salmon that has been cut in half crosswise. The truth is: the lion's share of "tuna" available in the U.S. today is really escolar, a fish that many call toxic. Escolar is a lot cheaper and more plentiful than real albacore tuna, and that's why it's taken the place of tuna in fish markets, grocery stores, and restaurants. Even highly priced sushi-grade tuna is, more often than not, escolar. For me, it just means I'm being a caretaker of the ocean and its inhabitants rather than a plunderer. In the future I will probably buy this product at a specialty store not too far from my home. I still plan to try it mixed with some other herbs, so I'll update, and hopefully find a recipe or two that is worth the investment. I'd be very open to anyone here who wanted to send me recipes or ways to use it that might change my initial impression. Just don't follow the recipe on the bag...And thanks to everyone below who took the time to leave me so much info. Pastas made under this category must be made only with durum wheat semolina or durum wheat whole-meal semolina and water, with an allowance for up to 3% of soft-wheat flour as part of the durum flour. If it says "WITH", it means it has SOME 100% Durham Semolina,  My favorite happens to be DiVella. When the pasta is extruded through bronze dies, it is more porous and HOLDS ON to the sauce. It is imported by a company called Cucina Antica but is made to the highest standards of grade i pasta in Italy. I truly feel for those that bought these and received different packaging or animal cracker cookies that were anything but fresh. I did open a box when we received them just to make sure that they weren't going to be a disappointment. They snapped just as expected when bitten into and the flavor was great. It's up to each individual to find the brew that they prefer. Caffeine is approximately 30-40 mg per cup, with a cup of coffee significantly more. I find the this tea to be on the milder side and I prefer stronger tea flavor. But, I have been very happy using two tea bags per cup and it still remains cost effective. I sweeten my tea with a little honey and find this particular blend divine. All good things, but I don't particularly care, if I don't like the product, and I like this one. Over consumption may cause difficulties related to too much caffeine. It's thicker than regular broth but don't think "thick" like it sounds - it's more dense. In comparing the ingredients of this brand with others, I found this to be the most natural of the bone broths I researched, with less sodium as well. It is widely used to provide whiteness and opacity to products such as paints, plastics, papers, inks, foods, and toothpastes. With such widespread use of titanium dioxide, it is important to understand that the IARC conclusions are based on very specific evidence. For example, titanium dioxide production workers may be exposed to high dust concentrations during packing, milling, site cleaning and maintenance, if there are insufficient dust control measures in place. The classification decision on titanium dioxide has been published on the IARC website and in a summary article published in The Lancet  Representatives from Health Canada (National Office of WHMIS) recently consulted with the Quebec CSST and CCOHS (the two main agencies providing WHMIS classifications to the public) regarding the implications of the IARC decision to the WHMIS classification of titanium dioxide. Workers should be educated concerning this potential newly recognized risk to their health and trained in proper work procedures. Then later that night I noticed my eyes weren't red and itchy and filmy anymore. I have tried a few light honeys and I will definitely be buying this one again (I'll be getting the five pounder.) It is insanely hard for bee keepers in America to offer organic honey, and this company practices organic methods and does not use chemicals on their farms. It's almost sickeningly sweet and impossible for me to eat from the jar. This is rare; lots of honeys tend to lack a seal and touch the lid through transit. If the lid is made of metal, chances are it has a food liner made of plastisol (which contains PVC,) or it has a food liner that is hiding BPA in it. The pancakes from this mix are better than a wheat-based pancake. The price per package is better than I can find locally at the store.
This is basically the same review I wrote for the non-black standard Flash version. The black handle and black blade of this version makes it quite appealing. This knife is quite sharp out of the box and it opens quickly. With this style of knife, you can't see any of the knife outside the pocket. If it is stiff or doesn't open the way you like, just adjust the end screw and lubricate it with a drop of oil. I have also used WD-40 on this style of knife and it does wonders cleaning it and making it look brand new again. This oven was a replacement for it's predecessor we had for over 10 years. Newer models have replaced the keyboard with a dial that seemed pretty funky to me and some reviewers. It also has some new functions and the old function of reheating and cooking by sensor. I did not use that on the old one as I found it never did the job right. I used these last night to wind two springs on the garage door. These rods are sturdy enough, not bending, and only took about 8-10 pounds force pushing upwards at the end at the final 90 degree pushes. For $250 for the ONE right now, it is by far the best value out there, IMO. Most have additional resolution and capability, but a lot of us don't need that for how we'd use one of these devices. Here's why I think this is the best value out there: (*) Thermal and Visual cameras included and used with MSX to give you an easy to interpret thermal image. I have a tablet that costs <$100 that works with the ONE (*) When attached to your phone/tablet, you can send the images over e-mail or whatever just like you'd send any file to people. Some of us have both types of phones, or have family members with the other type. The packaging was completely different and the product is absolutely and positively an inferior product NOT to be used on a boat that lives in saltwater !! I wasn't expecting much from the printer so my expectations weren't high. I watched as many YouTube videos on setting up the printer as I could. I didn't use the filament that came with the printer as there was very little of it. I bought some Inland PLA filament here on Amazon and loaded that instead. I started downloading .stl files from Thingiverse and printing them without issue (Using Cura to slice). I did some ABS prints and they came out great but again.. a headache. For PLA 60c (Edit: 40c is fine after the first layer) was perfect and for ABS I sliced whatever I was printing with the bed set to 60. I am pushing this thing to its limits and I am coming out with some great prints. You're behind a power tool, pushing one of those into your work piece. It's almost surreal how different two sections of stud wall turned out using the old product and the new. You can see in the photo what I picked up with the Bissell after already having gone over the carpet 3 times with the Dirt Devil. 3- The cord is long enough that I don't' have to unplug when moving around my small apartment. I did have to be careful to use both hands to stretch the hose when using attachments so I didn't yank the vacuum over. I included some Before and After photos of the carpet so you could get an idea of how well the vac cleaned it. I took one of them last night and one today so they might not line up properly, but there is a HUGE difference. So because it was Prime I just returned that one and Amazon sent me a 2nd machine that arrived 2 days later. Qidi support was quick to send a replacement that arrived about a week later. My first experience with this product was with my guitar pedal board. The reason is if the film that protects the mounting adhesive gets separated you may be compromising the sticking properties. The elastic bands are strong and stretches comfortably without worries of it snapping off of the mask or catching in my hair. A great value for peace of mind for health- just in case... because, well, you never know these days. Use it to measure run out and bounce in truing my spoke wheels. good for rust protection I suppose, but it was king of a slippery annoying mess. This can be a critical operation because to get the best results, the cut needs to be within a margin given in the brief instructions (it's a small amount).. It can be done and it's not that hard, but it's certainly more tedious than it would be if one had a threaded height adjustment.. But this is a trade off for having saved the hundreds of dollars in buying the grizzly system rather than the tormek system.. I'm OK with that. Used in conjunction with 1" wide CoBan, excellent solution over other medical bandaging for wrapping injured fingers and toes. Following a smashed finger and orthopedic surgery, daily wraps were necessary. They have never been a great solution for spreading wood glue in things like rabbits, dados, dovetails, dowel holes, mortises, box joints, and so on. Printing large parts requires ABS "juice" (a small amount of ABS filament dissolved in acetone, smeared on the bed and allowed to dry). Make sure the first things you print are a filament feeder and a bigger spool feeder. The only benefit is that you can use two filaments of different types ready to go. Yes, some things could be improved but the only 3d printer I would consider to be better than this one is the makergear m2. I still find myself using the flashforge over the m2 more often than not.
First one was bought about a year ago and still running in good condition. Update (10/20/2014) Now I ran into issue like some of the reviewers (digital signal processor is overloading) on my newer unit. They are very patient and walk throught the repair process step by step. I live on a state route and there is always traffic on the road. They have struck my bins that are well away from the roadway so I am conscience of being near the road when mowing or being near the road for doing maintenance. Please read: I really needed this piece to replace a garage window and I didn't feel like getting a glass replacement. During the ordeal of cutting this with a material specific saw blade, it shattered and frayed along every side I cut. I will cover cons first: * setting of the CC / CV is done by ... as far as I can tell... running the circuit (or shorting it out) and then dialing in what you want. the display only shows what is actually coming out so dial it up before connecting anything important. * Fine tuning... nope.. * Enable/Disable Power (per channel or globally) would be really useful. * No (as far as I could tell) good teardowns of this on youtube. I might do it soon, but for now, as it is my only functioning supply, the cover is staying on. * While I do not have a bench constant load module, what limited tests I have done seem to work very well. * but it does NOT have a fan (or if it does, I have never heard it). Peering through the grating, It appears that this has one big ol toroidal transformer laying horizontally in the center of this. Not that important, but the overall style of the design reminds me of high quality, state of the art 1980's equipment. In short.. (which incidentally works fine with this, of course) .. I have to give this an unexpected thumbs up. While it is nowhere near the Rigol class, for a hobbyist, this is a rock solid power supply. I will (obviously) follow this review up with an addendum if it blows up on me. After working with it for well over a month here are the ugly details you'll have to spend money and time fixing..  Firmware requires customization - you'll need to know or learn how to modify the firmware config and reupload. You'll find that some of your axis directions need to be inverted. The manufacturer leaving me high and dry forced me to seek answers on my own. make sure your servo calibration that the servo is 90 degree perpendicular to the bed (this a very fine tuning and you might end up doing it few times before getting it right. leveling the bed, the extruder move to 3 different areas on the bed while sensing the distance and ask you to turn the nobs clockwise or anticlockwise yet you don't actually feel if it worked until you try to print. I got this 3 days ago and I had 1 little hiccup on leveling the bed which I didn't understand the instruction so I researched online then I asked Tang from Flashforge and told me that the extruder position then the servo require calibration first then I can level bed automatically, after that I had 5 prints all amazing worked great no flaws and amazing quality, I am very happy with this machine, perfect small beginner 3d printer. color, I like red color it look fancy on this printer but I do wish you have multiple color options its just me being spoiled haha. for quality this printer give amazing quality, I have videos on my YouTube channel I will get  the link here soon	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Neiko-01407A-Electronic-Digital-Caliper-with-Extra-Large-LCD-Screen-0-6-Inches-Inch-Fractions-Millimeter-Conversion/dp/B000GSLKIW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Neiko 01407A Electronic Digital Caliper with Extra Large LCD Screen | 0 - 6 Inches | Inch/Fractions/Millimeter Conversion</a>  I was looking for a cheap digital calipers for getting some measurements on rough prototype 3D printing. this meter works well we called the company and spoke to the male (sales guy/tech) good help and want over meter and calibrated it three times (meter got more closer to the 4.01 (around 4.02, 4.03 (it does it times tak a while to find itself and can wounder around +/- 5 (there is a window of 3.96 to 4.06 which is 4 ). if the unit goes bad or anything i will post it so far so good). the meter works well just wish it would find its calibration zone faster. ok i am returning this unit the 102 and will try the Milwaukee 105 pro model. the Milwaukee 105 reads a little faster it sames than the 102 but the run is at time very close. hope this helps all and please leave commands for others if you want thank you. I do use a lot of these type of sanding disc and have used many brands. The cheapie ones have 3 and the higher quality ones have 5 or more layers. I use them mostly for pre-cleaning mill scale on steel before welding. Any way I will update again after I have used the rest of these in a few weeks. The first ones worked pretty good for the price so I reordered them. If I need to use a dropper I prefer to use a separate one where I can just dip the tip in to extract the juice without the dropper being coated in it. The cobalt blue bottles are darker and harder to see where the juice line is, making them less convenient for how I use them. So they are both great bottles and it's all in what you need them for. This valve works well because as you can see from the pictures, the valve has to come through the top of the tank lid. I did put a piece of Scotch tape on the lid to hold the lid onto the tank. It was an annoyance more than anything, but if you really need to see if you have noise at that level along with a specific signal in a circuit, you can't really trust it to show you very low level signals in addition to another signal (e.g., noise riding piggyback on another signal), but that is the exception rather than the rule for most measurements. They hold my beads, small jewelry items, and little craft supplies perfectly. Although they are thick and tough, they are very clear to look through. They are extremely easy to 'zip' and snap into place without any issue. I package my own products, so I want to be able to zip my bags shut very quickly so I can work efficiently. I never have to waste time aligning these bags to where they will zip. Each set of 100 bags is separated into it's own plastic container. The box makes them very easy to store, and I like that they are broken into 100-bag sections so I can easily pull out what I need without having to guestimate how many bags I've grabbed. I bought two with the intention of mounting them side by side. First problem is if you cannot use them without the swivel base. Second problem is when mounting them side by side they are 0.0115" difference in height. They made them with so much less material it compromised the usability.
I've tried everything from premium designer stuff to the value stuff. There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months. It is also stronger than ABS Plastic but there is a drawback... its more brittle than ABS Plastic. When ABS parts are repeatedly "bent", they flex back and forth until they eventually fail. Ive heard it said by people with more sensitive noses than mine that PLA Plastic, when printing, smells faintly like pancakes. If you screw this part up, you're going to have a bad day, mmkay? If its too far away, the printed plastic is too stringy and does not adhere to the layer underneath. I also recommend purchasing about 20 of these strips (less than $30 at the mfg.s site)  Printing your first piece:  Printing one of the designs from the included SD card the printer ships with is probably the best way to see if the printer is properly setup and operational. Pro: Surprisingly easy to get started with and create stuff quickly. Con: It sometimes doesnt want to let you download what you created. CAD Software Summary:  In case you haven't guessed by now, I use #s 2 & 3 most often. In case I want to get some gaming in while watching my print)  Failed Prints:  I have had 2 prints fail. In each case, however, the failure was my design, not a defect in the printer. Additionally, there are many conversion programs available that convert one file type into another so even if the item you want is in a different format, you may be able to export or convert it to a language the Replicator 2 can print  My impressions after having used it for four days:  Im happy with the purchase thus far. Its something you should keep in mind as well unless you have $2500 to just throw away. My theory is that whatever they blended the ABS with is decomposing in the melt process. Let the water run for several minutes before gathering a sample and use only cold water. Adalira and Bastian are the children of nobles with their hearts set on the battlefield. While they each have their own writing style, the chapters flow together nearly seamlessly and, if you had not known better, it would be easy to believe that this book was penned by only one author. I am looking forward to the next book by these two inspiring novelists, be it a collaboration or solo work. Searching for Harrison's biography only gives bits and pieces of inspiration for the novels; we do know that Harrison lives in North Carolina, has a day job, and writes books in spare time. Gray and Keira immediately felt sparks never had had before as they hadn't see one another since they were all grown up. I wasn't too I pressed with the first few chapters and almost stopped reading. It was an interesting world with some interesting and creative races. Jennifer and Blake have been married almost 2 years and they have noticed that their marriage has lost its spark. So the girls are in full make out and enjoying loving each other while Blake watches and Desmond takes pictures. Blake and Jennifer leave and Blake is on full sexual extreme. She's a brilliant computer tech, one of the best in her field. She fights the sexual attraction but finally gives in one night at a weekend convention. I first came across Breadner's writing in 'Postcards from Sturgis' where  the authors from Freak Circle Press have their MC characters meet at the famous annual biker gathering. Other reviewers have mentioned the back an forth between present and past. There is a strong sense of poor little rich girl and a woman with many opportunities who makes bad decisions for a good chunk of her life. She is estranged from her alcoholic mother and snobby brothers who were all jealous of her good relationship with her father as a 'Daddy's girl'. In college, one of her works was chosen to be part of a Warhol exhibit. " And now she knew why Darryl had been so frustrated with her homebody tendencies." She morphs into a party girl hanging out with girls a decade younger, going out, drinking, doing hard drugs and sleeping with strangers. You know it's bad when the heroine makes the bikers look like a bunch of pikers with her carousing! At one point we have Buck explaining that to his friends that she looked high because her pupils were huge as if bikers needed to know what high was. * She rushed out of the room like a hysterial woman in a soap opera. *She actually stomper her foot like a petulant teenager, her range of emotions all out of wack. Add to this the myriad of verb tense errors and this book became a week-long chore to get through. She pretty much thought everyone was beneath her because she had been all over the world and understood the "real world" and assumed that American high school kids would be like what she had seen watching 90210. As soon as she gets a boyfriend, Tabitha went from "how soon can I leave?" Anyway, I thought this book had an okay concept, but the whole thing was forced and just not good to me. I recommend Entangle to those readers who like a sweet love story. The author is merely writing what is believed to be what we want to read. But he puts up with it all because the other guys in the band don't have anything else to fall back on. Trust has always been a big issue in their relationship, considering how they started out. But that didn't matter because I couldn't put the darn thing down! Some of them grow so much from when we first met them in Thoughtless and some, not so much. There was not even a second of the flow and/or story being too slow, too rushed, too boring, or too ridiculous. Oh, and another thing that I loved was that conflict was not over-drawn, over- the-top, or unrealistic. I am hoping beyond hope that Ms Holly is feverishly writing another sports romance because I see myself jonesing pretty soon....!
Although Kaspersky products receive excellent ratings from the professional reviewers we have been less than satisified with the product. Entering information into Gas Buddy was particularly painfully slow. The way each other realize how much they care for each other. TE1 starts with Jake and Christine, beginning with a wrong text . I don't think I can write a review that gives this tricky, twisted novella enough stars. If you like to have to think constantly while you are reading you'll love this. There are some lessons that you should have learned from your Momma. He has a secrets and doesn't even pretend to be open with Katia. AT Dusk, the fifth of John Meffords Alex Troutt series, is another must read book. And in one final Act of Generosity that trumps all others, He gave Himself completely in death so that mankind could be restored and freed from the curse of sin." In the present culture, generosity seems to be linked only to the Christmas spirit, but is rarely thought about the other eleven months of the year. Some individuals began spreading generosity around quietly while others created ministries of giving. She recognized the person as one who had come to her church asking for some financial help. What made the incident special for me was the writer's reflections about this later. It reminded me of a conversation I had decades ago with a loving godly woman; we were discussing the term "used." It saves their youngest sister Piper but yet it was totally unfair to Tristan. There she meets super-duper-hot prison Eric Collier, who writes extremely sexy love letters to her on the sly. If you are familiar with Rasley's earlier Regency romances, you'll know she writes well and does a good job with her characters and their development. There is some romance but there is more solving of the whodunit than there is development of the romance, although I didn't feel cheated in the least. They are family because Natasha's late husband and Matt's late wife were twins. With a novel about an epic battle between good and evil, there were a few characters killed along the way. Unfortunately, so many names were brought into the novel, characters in and out of the main focus, that I couldn't mourn any of them (save for one, a real heart-breaker near the end). Another issue is that this novel could have easily been longer and more immersive if certain scenes had been expanded. I wasn't sure if you would ever be able to get me to like Kyle after everything he has done to hurt and manipulate the people around him. He's gotten the use of his legs back and now he wants to show his sister that he isn't the same person that he use to be. To gain her forgiveness he has to first apologize and try and make amends with her friends. Megan didn't know Kyle before his accident and his decision to change. Her friends aren't gonna understand and won't like that she's dating him. This story starts off so slow that I caught my attention drifting...I was daydreaming while reading! What little action there is...well, it drags and characters are slow to connect with. But... I simply never connected to either of these two characters. As much as I liked him, his feelings of unworthiness and self loathing and thinking he was undeserving of anything overshadowed the plot. A guy with a massive ego and issues doesn't want an emotional relationship, yet begins to feel more than he bargained for and faces getting hurt and relapsing (fall off the wagon). On the "up side", I liked that there wasn't the usual misunderstandings or false assumptions between the two main characters...they were both open with their questions to each other. Ms. Grace made lots of silly written mistakes that weren't edited out, like; "...he brushed my hair away from my house"...???!!?!? A story of second chances of two people falling in love at a very young age only to find life gets in the way as they break each other heart only to come full circle years late. I love these characters both are about to loss it all as they find away to help each other and find maybe they need to give love another chance. A Home by Christmas by Anna Adams Another sweet heartwarming read about second chances and finding out who you are and what you really want. So many life lesson these two will have to agree to as they find out the true meaning of love. I highly recommend you pick it up as the authors gives you a taste of the true meaning of love. Her father sat with his arm around her mother the whole way,  When they leave the street car, Donchail yells that they had done it and kisses Margaret. Callie struggles to remain near the gate, but cannot find anything to cling to. Donchail will not do well on a train, but he decides to ride the rails despite his reaction to iron. This tale causes Callie to help humans trapped in a fake Hooverville. While waiting for the next work by the author, you might want to read her prior volumes, such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fool-s-War/dp/0446602930/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fool's War</a>. I'm excited to see who book two will be about because their are so many options of interesting characters that I will be happy no matter who the next book in the series is about. Another thing that I love when done correctly is books written in both the hero and heroines point of view and I can easily say Stephanie Tyler knows how to write from a mans point of view, normally I hate when other point of views are thrown in but in this book it works(though it doesn't hurt that the character with the other point of view is so interesting). While he and Tru set about making changes in Defiance people from Tru's life outside of Defiance want revenge and the people who should want the best for Defiance may actually be looking out for themselves. This is a book that you have to pay close attention to so that you don't miss something important. He has read everything and put it all together and come up with the solution! Overall there are many good points that Norton makes in the book.
The PSP kind of faltered and even though it did okay in the long run I lost interest in it early on. They promised again that this would be like having a home console in your hands and for a console that hasn't yet hit it stride and doesn't have developers fully optimizing for it... the end result is pretty amazing. The issue with smartphone gaming though is touch control alone is maddening. This isn't the end all device and it has its flaws for sure, but I was prepared to be let down by the Vita and I was definitely impressed by what they were able to deliver. Some might think the battery life is a Con but at around 5 hours of actual use it's worth having such a powerful system. I actually got the 16GB card and I cringed to pay so much for what I know should really be costing me $20 tops if it was microSD memory. Oh and speaking of big screens... if you haven't seen a Vita in real life you will be surprised just how big it really is. I didn't even care that this was a rehash of the exact same story for the fourth and final time. Despite being huge and relied on by his brothers for his strength, Yuri was gentle giant. And here is the thing that I think absolutely turned me off of this audiobook so bad I almost didn't finish it.... When the narrator sounds happy/laughing/excited when she shouldn't be. There were only two ways her voice sounded during this book- normal and happy/laughing. Instead of sounding like she was in midst of a toe curling orgasm, it sounded like she was laughing. Cathy had had a massive, brain stem stroke fourteen years ago. Imagine, if you can bear it, that itch you cannot scratc, that longing you cannot voice, the loneliness of a life devoid of perceived touch. To be aware of all the signals of one's body with no ability to act upon them seems the height of cruelty. The experiments of Brainbox aim to someday restore the ability of the body to respond to volition with the aid of an implant. It's nice that it's erotica, but even nicer when the person behind the word processor really knows how to create believable characters and situations, and them gets them offexplosively. My favorite of the three, Over the Top, features two gentlemanly fireman and a young woman from out of town visiting for a job interview. My next favorite, The Visitor, offers an ingenious set-up for a young guy who is agonizingly hornyhe stupidly broke off with his girlfriend before heading out for a stay in a cabin with another couple who can't stop banging in the overhead bedroom. Let's just say they realize their rudeness and get sympathetic. The sex is there, but the emphasis is a love story (with a surprising ending that I won't reveal). These percievers cannot read minds, nor can they control them. They can barely manage their own minds--why would anyone think they're out to direct others? Its the only way to handle things you refuse to understand, right? Michael remembers waking up in a room, trying to escape a bunch of men and <spoiler>stabbing one of them to get away</spoiler>. They decide to figure out exactly what the Cure is, and then things get wild. The first four to five chapters were kind of humdrum, relatively speaking. After this introduction, the story picks up, becomes its own. Robyn is coming out of a bad divorce; after years of marriage, her husband is expecting a child with someone else. Azalea,a 13 year old American, marries the second son of an Earl, Chris in order to protect her person and her inheritance. Chris returns to England with his father but their ship sinks and Chris and dad are believed dead. Is this a BWWM story or did the author initially create the story with a white character in mind? Ms. Cheever writes from her own perspective -- so most of her characters that don't look like her still have the same physical attributes (alabaster skin, cranberry nipples, paling when scared, etc.) Does she have to write a story with a gum cracking, head shaking, finger popping stereotype? Deep sea creatures sometimes live in total darkness and survive in very harsh conditions. Learn about the coral dwellers such as the nudibranch and where they survive. If you feel that this review has assisted you in making your decision about this product or your shopping needs. Cake-designer Rhea can't help but be pleased when an elderly man and woman order a cake for their anniversary. This story should please as long as you're in the mood to have your emotions twisted first. Disclosure: I was lucky enough to get this ebook free and I found it a very enjoyable short read. Turns out that fight forms the prologue of this book but from Painter's point of view. Sebastien matured a lot in this story and it was an interesting journey to read about after all his antics in previous books. He went from very superficial to downright responsible and personable to others besides his family. She didn't really come to life until the very end of the book when she finally admitted what she wanted! When she said Sebastien was too immature for her..the irony of her statement was apparent seeing how she handles their interlude through most of the story. Michelle, was a hard ass but she had to be, being a female vamp and all. Reviewed by John H. Manhold, award winning fiction/nonfiction author. They're off on a 2 week honeymoon and Joley gets caught coming out of Nate's hotel room next morning after the wedding. It is a good realistic story where Joley meets some very nice and sweet people in Mulhany Crossing. Definitely a worthwhile love story of two people over 30 who have been burned so they go into this with eyes open but find a love that is worth the wait. Therault doesnt sugarcoat her experience in battling her cancer nor her husbands. I experienced her dance with denial, feeling her anger and despair as the blinders came off regarding her own cancer. I highly recommend this memoir to anyone who is coping with cancer and to their loved ones. Sophie is going to get Jonathan once and for all and get her life back. Anna is sort of concerned because she thinks Sophie might be taking the same dark path that her sister, Belinda took awhile back. While Jade confronts an violent man in a car, Mac is too drunk to assist. For instance, Jade's supervising officer is a proceduralnit picker except when it applies to her. She ignores Jade's complaints about being stalked and flagrantly sexually harasses Mac. This is the second book in the series and focuses on Drea and Brody's story.
Best-selling author Cherry Adair is back with her latest T-FLAC novel and we the reader finally get resolution about the events at the end of Hush. Im not going to be a spoiler wench here and give anything away. When I grabbed this book, there was no indication--NONE, zero, zilch, nada--of this being book 1 in a series (or trilogy or whatever it is). It seemed like it'd be emotional and interesting and hit me in the feels, ya know? This book, my friends, is a LEAD ON into the rest of the books. It is setting up the troubled past we usually get the summarized version of in books. Honestly, if this had been done well I probably wouldn't be so mad about this. It was as if the terrible situations Cat was in were supposed to be enough to create a reaction out of me. So there's this whole, boring, backstory book that should really just be a prequel and stop pretending anything else... and then we're left with this big, enraging cliffhanger. So the cliffhanger isn't really the problem here, it was just my breaking point when it came to this book. It's no secret that I fell in love with Benjamin Chambers in The Art of Letting Go. Anyone who has experienced that type of immediate, intense attraction to another person will appreciate this story. "She can thank me tomorrow or the day after that, or even the day after that because one thing is for sure, I am never letting that girl escape again." Take every stereotype you have heard about the south and how they speak magnify it by ten and you would have this book. She built drama and lust and romance and a million other tiny, yet intricate details that sucked you in, surrounded you, and made this read feel like you were trudging through flood waters, clinging to the steering wheel with white knuckles, and falling back onto a grungy motel room bed. Catelyn Travis is one step closer to finding out who her parents' killer is once and for all. Nothing is as it seems and you will find yourself questioning reality as the plot thickens. When they first meet they both share an instant and powerful attraction. Mercy fights her feelings at first but gives in to the possibility of love and trusting a man with her submission. Especially when he gets a threat from her ex Alex, who is coming to kidnap her and take what belongs to him. They both find the strength to fight for their happily ever after! I've learned a few things and so far it's been really informational. Cooking level in this book is extremely easy even for beginners. **I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.** She grew up in foster homes and left at an early age to be on her own. She named her daughter Azami who was the light in Lillies dark world. James had high hopes his brother would be there since he couldn't find him after the FLASH. A smart, broken and beautiful girl who chooses to do a foolish thing once a year, due to her past. After meeting Amy on her lowest moment their relationship develops very quickly. Soon after she start working for him and during a conference he invites Amy to participate and take notes, he muted the call to simply tell Amy how gorgeous she was, gets back to the call, but signals her to unbotton her blouse so he can feast and fantasize whilst listening to his boring call.... So condescending and unreal. To me, her character and her behaviour was sorta strange for being a victim of abuse. Piper was the one thing he was missing but didn't know he needed. Meanwhile, Spencers relationship with Kat-they nearly have sex while on the search-is causing more problems for him with TREX; his supervisor, Dan Weber,  threatens to fire Spencer if he cant keep his relationship with Kat from interfering with his job. Tragedy strikes TREX when, while on a stakeout, one member of Spencers team is killed and another gravely wounded, making Spencer, not for the first time, question whether he wants to put Kat through what he went through. Sex: Several pretty hot love scenes, although still not as hot as I would like. This book contains 2 novellas.... The Crown of the Queen by Jeffe Kennedy... 3.5 stars and The Undying King by Grace Draven... 5+ stars  I have to say if I'd read Jeffe Kennedy's The Twelve Kingdoms series, I probably would've adored The Crown of the Queen. In the end, this novella seems like a backstory bridge to another book, which it probably is. The romance between Imogen and Cededa builds slowly and sweetly and I loved every minute of it. This book was disappointing as I expected more insight into Christian. So it would be more entertaining, to me, to read more about his business and family dynamics. If she continues to write the same way with the other books, I won't buy it. My 8 year old son has played Minecraft (on the computer) for years now. we're still working on the 'infinite water in a pond' tip, but I'm sure he will get it with a bit of troubleshooting. Overall, this is a good book for Minecraft players who want to become skilled in PvP and survival mode. * I only review products that I am genuinely interested in and have used, tested, tried. Paris had convinced himself that he was meant to be a solitary creature, like his mother, because he was a panther. That was about the dumbest plot point to even have in the book. And like another reviewer said, I felt NO CHEMISTRY WHATSOEVER between the 2 of them, to the point where if they'd ended up not getting together in the end, the only thing I would've been upset about was spending my 99 cents. And if you've read a lot of other shifter books, even when the 2 MCs are different animals, then you'll be a bit aggravated with the fact that Cole & Paris didn't even know if they were mates or not. Any woman advancing is thought of as slept her way to that position.
Update: Fox News owner Rupert Murdoch has just purchased National Geographic. It seemed they were picking some pieces that weren't really about geography, sociology, or history. The stories may be less fleshed out than some other magazines. It is a highly liberal magazine focused on conservation, but that is what they have been about for years, so it shouldn't surprise anyone. It was just ridiculous and not what I expected out of a Lynda Chance at all. 2 stars for being Lynda Chance.....0 for the romance, 0 for the steam/sex and a big fat 0 for the story. It just wasn't even in her normal ball field of the excellence that I find in Lynda. The edge of your seat nail biting while clenching your teeth suspense at what is to transpire. The writing of this story is very interesting in that the PoV travels between characters in the book. He told Jaxxon he'd come back to visit her, gave her her first kiss and then left. He leaves a message and she doesn't call him back so he begins pursuing her. She has a stalker that's been trying to harm her that provides some complications and danger for Jaxxon. Connor goes to help her when her stalker attacks and you'd think he'd come to his senses after she'd been in danger but he doesn't. Nick is a charming royal who loves Anna and wants to make peace with her. It was the perfect setting for this second chance love affair. I loved the writing of Melissa Blue from day one, but I was not prepared for the fact that she had written the book that would make me bow down to her like Wayne and Garth in Waynes World and proclaim, Were not worthy! into this itty bitty book, I found myself being jealous of the skill in which she crafted this story. Jocelyn an assistant museum curator who is soon to turn thirty has devised a bucket list, of sorts, of things she desires to do before the momentous occasion. One is, she wants to have some toe-curling, core-clenching, star-producing sex with a man who knows what the hell hes doing. Yet, something about the wee bonnie lass, Jocelyn, has him breaking all the rules. I could share more of this story, and I could use a boatload of flowery adjectives to describe just how wonderful it is, but I think Ill let you go read it and see for yourself. But now, this year her business partner had accepted a wedding to tale place on Christmas Eve of this year  there was no way that Eve would do this, contract or not. A delightfully whimsical Christmas romance that you won't want to miss. Meredith agrees and states, To those curious souls who may visit the Panhandle-Plains Museum in Canyon, Texas, expecting to find it as I described it in Murder by Reference will be disappointed. Sarah Jane is real if you choose to believe the stories that have floated about through the years, unacknowledged by university and museum personnel. If you don't believe in ghosts, consider suspending your disbelief at least while reading the book. When I toured that area with the museum director at that time, two mannequins loomed out of the darkness and scared the very devil out of both of us. A very strange murder that unravels into a story that maintains the readers attention to the last page. Grady Harp, March 17	So...the h is a lingerie model (equivalent of VS model) and the H is an athlete. It was kind of insta dislike that morphed into mutual respect, understanding, like, friendship, then love. Also, it made me a little anxious throughout the entire book waiting for the other shoe to drop - there's not a lot of character development and all I knew was that there was a "bad guy" out there, but I had no clue how he'd impact the story and Nina's new life, so I read this lovely beautiful story with bated breath wondering when the bad stuff was going to happen. *** spoiler about bad guy ***  for those who care and get all anxious like I do - because I have a very low angst threshold: yes, he does show up and he tries to hurt her - but honestly, it's such a small part of the story (and resolved very quickly) that I felt kind of stupid to have let his presence mar my enjoyment of the rest of the book. She has had a crush on him since he came to her rescue on the side of the road when she was just sixteen. But she's not just stepping into his arena when she finds herself in Vegas preparing to be auctioned off to the highest bidder; she has walked right into his nightmare. Cross is the next feature character to get his book, Taming Cross. I am excited to start this one since we got so much from the portions he was in during this book. Tess is fierce and strong and living an ordinary, boring life. He is fighting his desires on a daily basis until he meets Tess and everything changes for him. The circumstances that bring Tess and Q together are extraordinary. Over a series of dates they reconnect as friends and develop affections for each other. However, Isabel and especially her father, think that Robert is hiding something - something important. Robert seems like every girl's dream in a man, but he's got a past that he's desperately trying to fix so that he can move forward with Isabel. Language - clean romance - clean - some kisses	I'm so excited that I finally got a chance to read The Betting Season. Jason uses his lesser title to get close to Pippa, which it makes oh so much fun. The second story is by Catherine Gayle called, "Flight of Fancy." Lady Georgianna Bexley-Smythe (also called Georgie) who has her heart set on adventure. Especially, when his stodginess is trying keep her out of the clutches of Lord Haworth. When there is a man who steps up and raises his children, and then does it by himself, I always have to acknowledge. The main character, Libby Fay, is a waitress trying to make a living. I usually read 2 or more books per day but it took me three days to finish this book. One of his "rules" was to be late to appointments or reservations because he felt that people should wait on him no matter how long. Honestly the blurb is completely different from the actual book. No Part of a series:  No Connected book:  N/A Genre:  Romance? The prologue of this book took me back to the worst time of my life. Ben just told Ally that she was in danger, then he leaves her alone to make a phone call and to make a cup of tea. And Moira, the person with the most to gain if Ally can't be found in time, couldn't possibly be responsible...could a vampire possibly be any more naive? And the one thing that almost stopped me from getting these books in the first place - is anyone else concerned about the fact that the first two books in this paranormal romance series have the exact same names as the first two in Kelley Armstrong's "Women of the Otherworld" series? If the final book in this serialized novel is free, I'll probably read it just to find out what happens, but I wouldn't pay for it.
My wife ordered this to help get the kids (and mom and dad) off the couch during the winter months. We've done the video together as a family and there are definitely some positives. The routines definitely gets you moving and is challenging enough to get your pulse going but not so hard that most kids or adults will be unable to handle it. The music is pleasant, not great but very much suitable to the content and nicely varied (we particularly like the Celtic dance number). This DVD screams for another 1 or 2 workout circuits in order to provide some variety. You will love this Funny, exciting, sweet, and scorching hot hot must read Romance!!. After the first few paragraphs of this book I didn't think I was going to be able to get through because the book seemed to be reading more like a screen play than a book. Once I told myself to just read it for the story, things went a lot smoother. That is the time when you need to stay frosty and be on your A game. Why not just man up, instead of pulling his lady love's best friend into a potentially dangerous situation? The story ends and I'm not sure if Greer and Hunter ever have any kind of happily ever after. I purchased this Kindle download at full price and am providing this review for informational purposes only. Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet. Then I tried this stuff after watching hours of videos, I broke down and gave it a whack. Now mind you I'm in a wheel chair so it is harder for me to shave and I get worn out in my chair quickly!!!! After using this I look forward to shaving I can't wait for the stubble at 5pm or 5am to show up cause I'm going to shave... I will spend the extra 10 min to get outta  bed to go through the procedure to shave ! Spend the money, spend the time to learn , spend the time to treat your self to something fun and comforting !!! No thickness and no lengthening to my lashes whatsoever.....I waited a few minutes to apply a second coat. Not like I had a lot of time to be looking for a new brand of mascara. The following morning both eyes were red, while my right eye was red, swollen, and visibly irritated. It's impossible for me to keep lipstick on my lips - wears off in minutes but I never knew why. You just take a bit on your finger and rub it on your lips in a circular motion. Positive Point: 4.0 stars for this: One difference between this brush and my regular foundation brush that interested me is that my regular foundation brush you can see the residue of makeup on it, but the Japonesque didn't have any residue that I could see! My previous reviews no longer exist because the reseller is gone so I am going to c&p my original review. This dispenses (for a while) a very fine mist of water continuously. I can (well, could) get a very fine layer of water on my skin, which makes it easier to apply moisturizer, and use less as well, offsetting the cost of this product. In my experience, many skin care products are scams that can cost a fortune. Make sure you allow your moisturizer to dry thoroughly before applying the drying lotion. So I can say that the product does work on average pimples to an extent, but it's no better than Proactive, Retin-A, or anything else you might have tried. Swatch accuracy: I did not find the color swatch on the Amazon product page to be accurate for this color. However, as noted above, it appears lighter on my lips than what it appears in the stick. Twist-up crayon-type application but with rounded vs. pointed tip. the darker colors), when worn alone (without gloss), show every line in my lips. I have a totally unscientific and brute force way to test potency of glycolic (or vitamin c) products: put a dab on a fresh shaven inner thigh. And the pumice stone is much more easily cleaned sooner than later after use. I am using it every other day for a week, then a week off, then back to every other day, etc. The first time I curled my short hair with the 1 in I panicked! I used this with the Rubble polish and I have had it on for 10 days and it is still looking ok. It dries very quickly and is very shiny the first 4-5 days and not bad day 6-8. I don't know what would happen if I just applied another coat of clear polish around day 5. it looked like when you get a fingerprint on tacky polish -- but nothing had touched it. I can smell the divinity and I get a whiff of the chewing gum.
First off the PS3 version of this game did get quite a few bad reviews at first because of all the bugs and the serious lag that kicks in after plalying for a while. The statue is oh my god awesome, it looks great and is a nice addition to my dragon statues. The art book that it comes with has some great art in it that goes over quite a bit of stuff. You can get married, not an amazing option but its pretty cool to do. The level up system is definitley better, now every skill level up will go towards a character level not just level up your major skills. I would definitley recommend this game to any action rpg lover out there i don't see how anyone can be dissapointed by this masterpiece. If you use it EVERY night the results will amaze you and everyone else! ** UPDATE** May 15th 2013~  GrandeLash MD has created another miraculous growth spurt for my Lashes! The reviews of this soap are basically good and I can see now why they are. I also used it to hand wash some underwear and it was quite good. I found it slipping out of my hands but am using a washcloth now to prevent this from happening. I recently noticed that my skin was looking 'thin' and I attributed this to the many showers using a washcloth on my skin with the liquid soap. My skin is normally dry (bar soap has always been drying to me and I do apply moisturizer after every shower) and this one didn't feel dry right after using it which I did like. The lavender smell is not so strong and it really doesn't have any scent unless you put your nose on top of the bar before it gets wet. I seem to have become sensitive to whitening products, be it toothpaste or otherwise. This toothpaste gives my teeth that squeaky clean feeling and my dentist said my enamel doesn't look like it's taking a beating either which is a plus. The only downside is it can leave your toothbrush feeling hard after drying. This isn't too big of a deal for me personally, its just an annoying aspect. It leaves a milky white look behind even once you spit it out. I went a period without repurchasing when I needed to because my husband wanted to try charcoal. As for taking care of the sagging (which isn't all too bad yet thanks to other Image products) this one helps when combined with a retinol product in the evening. And at the Image website you cannot buy these products unless you are licensed anyway. But it is a good source of information if you choose to start using the products. In my many years of trying so many other products, I have never been more pleased with what Image does for my skin! It has good pigmentation, and a little bit of product goes a long way. This makes it easier to work with since you don't have to keep layering it. Buy these backpacks/storage cubes/clothes that are trending now for your kids. There are articles on handling family, financial, and social issues, party planning, etc as you would expect. One part of that is focusing more on older items, such as expensive vintage items I could never afford to buy. However, the one feature that I do LOVE about this magazine is how they feature a special issue just on Europe each year. There is also a fascinating article on ideas to consider for outdoor walking in France. 3)In the April 2010 Europe feature there is a feature on Book Lover's London and a captivating article about Europe's best wine bars. Suddenly, all these magazine shrink the issues without any notice what so over. Hopefully, Backpacker goes back to where it was, instead of where it seems to be going. I know because I have contacted editors of a few magazines: Smart Computing for one and the editor first asked me what I missed. I grew up in the mid-west, where for most people considering we are surrounded by corn fields and our communities are filled with farmers, comfort is more important than fashion. You are more likely to see farm and home stores than fashion stores. I read one article where a woman struggled with her appearance because she was Jewish and had a big nose and whatever and it made me kinda sad that she couldn't accept herself for such a long time. I understand location has a lot to do with how you view fashion and body image but I am perfectly happy with me! The magazine does not make pretentions about its purpose: to educate women on what to wear NOW, how to wear it and where to buy it. o) I am also happy to report that the magazine promotes a wide range of price points: yes, there are some "dream" items, like the [...]+ necklace, but they are balanced by items below the [...] mark and everything in-between. If we can't find a pinging airliner in the Indian Ocean, how can we believe that these "Chicken Little" scientists and their gloom and doom forecasts? We have been sold a bill of goods, pay no attention to the man or woman behind the curtain, The political theater of "greenies" are going to save the world using regulations and unfunded mandates. What I like about VERANDA is the photography and rooms dominate and the text takes a supporting role. Now DH and I own 38 forested acres, with a horse, goats, and garden, and I am interested in other farming ventures. Had I written it, even with years away from milking, it would have filled a lot more pages. The weekly bible of everything entertainment, from movies, TV, music , video games and books (among other things). The only thing that irks me a lot is their opinion that THE WALKING DEAD is the best TV show on the air since the invention of sliced bread. Any intellectual viewer will see that the characters come directly out of Stereotypes 101 and the plots are nothing but recycled George Romero and countless other zombie films, but they always manage to put a story or photo of the series in every issue. Whomever thought that this was the best show ever on TV really needs to watch more TV. Even the worst episode of THE X-FILES makes the best episode of THE WALKING DEAD look like the worst episode of WHO'S THE BOSS. To EW, they are nothing but chickenfeed when put next to THE WALKING DEAD. It's a great zine at a very affordable price if you have it renewed every year. I don't even like calling them a punk band, but that's what they call themselves so I guess it's OK. More importantly, anyone who doesn't know about X should get this. "Joseph" is one of the most fascinating of biblical accounts, and I will not rehash the plot since it is done superbly by other reviewers here. Ben Kingsley is excellent as Potipher, portraying a man of integrity and care. This scene is sexually charged, but I believe it is accurate with Scripture.
"RoomMates ACC0003B3D Butterfly 3-D Wall Decals" are done in vivid jewel-tones; the 14 two-dimensional decals are realistic and quite lovely. The sizes of the various two-dimensional butterflies range from 3" X 4" down to 1" X 1 ". The vivid jewel-tones are only on one side of the decal; the back of the wings is without color. Further, the 3-D butterflies are made of a thin, plastic material that is somewhat brittle. If you are careful when removing the decals from the backing, RoomMates Butterfly Peel & Stick Wall Decals are easy to use. with friends like Buster Baxter (a rabbit), Francine Frensky (a monkey), Binky Barnes (a bulldog), Muffy Crosswire (a very RICH monkey), and others. Arthur is often at odds with his little sister D.W. (Dora Winifred) which makes for much of the shows comedic moments. For example, Muffy expects Francine to attend her big Christmas party, but Francine has told Muffy REPEATEDLY that her family is having a Hannukah gathering the same night. This 60 minute DVD doesn't have any extras (except for previews of other Arthur DVD's), but this excellent movie is well worth the price in my opinion. Gained 50 POUNDS WHEN PREGNANT, MOSTLY WATER, GD DURING PREGNANCY SO ON STRICT DIET! I think what caused problems/RUNNING FOR YEARS, WEIGHTS WHILE EXERCISING! After the mesh stories I cannot see giving in to such a nightmare! Tell young women to do these exercises all there life and wear support belt when pregnant! Was a muscular child, not fat, but big boned and heavy frame, all muscle! Sincerely	I have used this now for a few months and have found it helpful. The anatomy and explanations are well done and well presented for visualization. She encourages him to write what he knows and from there it's movie history. EVIL HILL is a parody of the Austin Powers films and the movie NOTTING HILL. The final short is SWING BLADE, a parody of SLING BLADE and SWINGERS. Yoga-Lite for Biblical Worship after Childbirth" may be a better title. She does bridge pose (an advanced yoga posture) with very little instruction and poor form. I really appreciate their efforts and work helping people with their loving kindness, but again, it would be better to be straight forward in their marketing that their efforts have religious undertones. 1985), with an American civilian mixed up in international intrigue. For high flying escapist entertainment they don't come much more downright enjoyable than this. For some reason it seems fashionable to criticize this production, mainly because it carries old footage from Masterpiece Theatre, hosted by Russell Baker. In addition, some reviewers may see it competing with the classic starring John Mills and Alec Guinness from 1947. Moreover, since this 1999 film was made, weve had the 2011 production starring Gillian Anderson and other versions, as well. Casting is almost perfect with a young Ioan Gruffudd playing the grown up Pip and Gabriel Thomson the young Pip. They look so much alike youd swear they're related in real life. Other cast members, like those playing Magwich, Jaggers, Herbert Pocket, Joe, Wemmick, Molly, et al are equally well-chosen. One has to be reminded that Charles Dickens wrote the story and did two versions of the ending. Summing up, those who haven't seen this version of Great Expectations shouldnt wait any longer. Mobile Masterpiece Theatre's telling of Great Expectations accounts for many of the most important parts of the story, and those who have never read the book (or, those who chose not to read it in high school), will have an easy time understanding the story of Pip's rise and fall in both love and status. Some of the other minor characters are also fun to watch: Mr. Jaggers, Mr. Wemmick, Mr. Pumblechook, Herbert Pocket, Biddy. Whether or not you like the film solely depends on this aspect, so let me tell you about it first. Rather, the newer version seems to give more emphasis on the Pip's guilty feelings deep rooted in his contact with the runaway convict Magwitch, and the film's way of shooting the famous opening of the book, which relates their encounter on the graveyard in the marshes, gives us no time for savoring Dickensian humor. Justine Waddle, often cast in costume dramas, is good as grown-up Estella, but before she could show something, the film goes on to follow the story of Pip, who must face bravely several darker moments of life (you know what I mean -- Orlick and Themes River), thus making least use of romance between Pip and her. Not that her acting is bad, but her Havisham simply does not convince me, being too weak in her gestures. The slipshod script is the real villain of this WWII-flavored take on THE DEFIANT ONES. Both actors are excellent, the direction is steady & solid, the cinematography is outstanding and the minimalist musical score is good. Two enemies (Lee Marvin and Toshiro Mifune ) on opposite sides of the war end up stranded on a deserted island together. At first they fight for resources before realizing that they need each other to escape back to civilization. Art director Anthony Pratt  weighs in the production design for the minimalist film in a 11 minute featurette. It's a very involving story set during WWII about an American pilot (the great Lee Marvin) and his Japanese counterpart (the equally great Toshiro Mifune) at odds with each other after they are both unknowingly stranded on the same small, uninhabited island in the vast South Pacific Ocean. The scenery and cinematography of the authentic Palau locations is simply stunning and I'm rather amazed by how good this movie looks for its age. The setting and plot is almost enough to make one forget for a moment that the two are sworn wartime enemies and we almost immediately empathize with both characters. It puts us more inside the two's struggle since neither can understand what the other is saying. Watch for the scene when Toshiro Mifune's character catches a real, giant clam and proceeds to crack it open to get to the real, soft mollusk inside just for the sake of a meal. Even the alternate ending still left me feeling a bit unfulfilled but I will leave it up to each individual viewer to decide for themself. `Play It Again, Sam' has the first writing and direction where the audience develops some empathy with the characters, so it presages the more serious business of the later films. Even though the supporting cast is not filled with a lot of highly recognizable actors, most of the faces such as the chain gang supervisor all seem to have a vaguely familiar look about them. I can't recall any joke for which you need to read a Russian novel or see a classic silent movie to understand. Allen is so adept in this movie at spinning off high quality jokes at such a rate that he genuinely makes it seem effortless. That is, you take away no warm feelings for any characters and their situations or any satisfaction that a hero succeeded in a quest or a heavy got their just deserts. While Allen can't hold a candle to Fields' dexterity, the result is still pretty funny. But they also soon discover he has a friend on the inside who gave him vital information to help him steal the weather satellite. Brief nudity and mild language are all parents will have to worry about. There were high hopes riding on "The Avengers" in the Summer of 1998 with a dream cast of Ralph Fiennes, Uma Thurman, and the iconic Sean Connery. Is this a bad film because it isn't the film I thought it should be? Connery as Sir August De Wynter was lackluster as the villain. Eddie Izzard as one of Connery's henchmen has no dialogue which is strange for a man who makes his living as a stand-up comic.
I love Charlotte Bronte's novel, Jane Eyre, and I've read it several times. Also an avid movie fan, I have seen almost every production of Jane Eyre. Of course, it also had Orson Wells, whose masterful portrayal of Rochester gave the character such depth and mystery as to forever seal the part in his name. However, this version starring Ciaran Hinds and Samantha Morton is my second favorite for several reasons. Ciaran Hinds does a wonderful job portraying Edward Rochester, a complex, authoritative and tortured man who is hiding a horrible secret. She is not as pretty as Joan Fontaine or Mia Wasikowska, but she is attractive enough to be pleasant to watch. Her Jane has much more personality compared to other actresses who have played the part. She gives us a strong, confident Jane while showing us enough warmth to make her sympathetic to the viewer. The two leads have one thing that many other versions do not--fantastic chemistry!!! The production is fantastic, as is the photography and script adaptation. I have only two beefs with this production--first, the actress playing Adele was too old and rather irritating. Second, I absolutely hate the singing voice they dubbed in for Edward/Ciaran--that high, operatic tenor just didn't seem like it could come out of his throat. If they could have fixed those two things, this would have been the perfect version. As for the other versions I have seen, I'll list them here in my order of preference with a quick review:  3)  2011 Version with Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fessbender:  My third favorite; major problems include Mia being way too pretty to play Jane, and she needed a bit more personality. Rochester was always referred to being dark, mysterious with black hair and eyes--hard to get past that part, but he is a sexy man. 6)  2003 Version with Willian Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg:  I like Willian Hurt, but I hated him in this part. This was as dry as toast and uninteresting with little to hold your attention. 7)  BBC Version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke:  There is a good thing and a bad thing about this version and they both are Timothy Dalton! There is a part in this version where Edward asks Jane, "Do you find me handsome?" He was horribly miscast as the brooding and mysterious Edward. On the plus side, he is the only good thing about this production! His acting holds the whole thing together--the actress they have playing Jane has as much personality as a pet rock. Not attractive, which isn't a major problem because Jane is supposed to be rather plain, she should have at least SOME qualities to make her feasibly attractive to the fantastically handsome Timothy Dalton. In real life, Ol' Tim wouldn't have looked twice in her direction. Also, her acting was wooden, and she had this horrible pimple or wart on her face that kept moving about in different scenes--it drove me crazy. So, after seeing the rather lack-luster Jane, Timothy Dalton is the entire production. It is a dated and small production; hard to watch after viewing the other movie versions--but I do realize that this was an early made for TV/BBC production so you can't expect much. I know many will call me out for trashing their beloved BBC production, but I have to call it as I see it. Granted, the superfeminine Diana Rigg isn't playing Mrs. Peel...and yes, dapper, veddy British Patrick McNee isn't parlaying Steed, but they did pretty well with what they had, and had a plotline that you were actually able to FOLLOW, to boot! This is something I remember the TV show NOT having...most of the stories were just platforms for Emma to be stylish in, with no clues, no O. Henry, no real DISCERNIBLE plot thread to speak of...just the barest of storylines....  The story involves Steed first MEETING Emma, (again!) The cinematography and art direction for this film is EXCELLENT. It takes place on the day after Bob had a dream about being a Vermont innkeeper named Dick Loudon. Sadly, Jack Riley had a stroke, and is confined to a motorized wheelchair. Fortunately, the TV show's comedy is timeless, and has held up very well over the years. Their offer to release seasons 5 and 6 now, after numerous complaints, is a bit lame. We believed that the studio would act in good faith , and , in time, release all 6 seasons. Had we not purchased the seasons when they were initially offered, further releases would have been concelled in any event. But the last two episodes ("Bum Voyage" and "Who's Been Sleeping on My Couch?") If that 30% difference doesn't sound bad to you, trust me when I say it is very noticeable, particularly with a 40-year old series shot on film. I can't comment on the bonus features as I haven't viewed them yet. Factory left them out as part of their misguided effort to cram as many episodes on each disc as possible. I'm no fan of the double-sided disc format Fox used for the season releases, and it's a pain to switch the discs more often with fewer episodes per disc, but I'll take them over the new set any day. Going to color was a definite improvement; however in 1968 there were three additional significant changes:  1. Diana Rigg can probably claim about 60% of the credit for the vast number of U.S. audience members who were glued to their TVs when "The Avengers" finally hit here. Starting in 1965, with Rigg, the filmscore was notably updated and played more prominently throughout the story, enhancing the action and suspense. And these episodes were all FUN -- one embraced a sense that Macnee and Rigg were having a great time in making these films. Now that I've seen episodes from "The Avengers'" earlier years, ('63 and '64), I can see that they dragged quite a bit during that earlier era and were much more soap opera-ish. You'll encounter, in the 1968 episodes, every nemesis ranging from Eastern spies posing as murderous British Army officers to equally murderous hotel desk clerks. Volume 4:  "Look (Stop Me If You've Heard this One)... But There Were These Two Fellers" - John Cleese guest stars as Steed and Tara face down a band of killer clowns determined to save their rest home from destruction. The casting in all episodes is spot-on, punctuated with the very best sets and scenic locations. I'll be reviewing all of the 1968 sets, (as I mentioned earlier, there are five in all, with 2 "volumes" per set), so be on the watch for my comments regarding the other sets at their appropriate sites on Amazon. Steed and Mrs. Peel pair off with their Russian counterparts to catch the murderer. The bonus of this episode is that it stars the great Christopher Lee! They held their own in a man's world and didn't need someone to take care of them. Blackman and Rigg were two very positive role models in a time when most women were victims, wives or secretaries on telly at the time. They tried to play on her more feminine side (and with horrid fashions). For the most part, they couldn't design more dumpy look clothes. Look for Gabrielle Drake in this episode (the head purple wigged Moon base gal from UFO!). Lured aboard a plane and set down on a tiny island, they must fight to save their lives. These three characters seem like rocks, upon which the waves of the social changes beat. Well, at first I didn't think I was going to like this movie, because Mr. Rochester, who is of course rough at first, was over-the-top irate. So over-the-top was his rough exterior that his passionate scenes with Jane at first evoked from me hearty laughter, which I don't think was the intended effect. morton - although hindered by a short script/movie - was excellent.
As much as I liked&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/XCOM-Enemy-Unknown-Playstation-3/dp/B006WQR3V0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">XCOM: Enemy Unknown - Playstation 3</a>(EU) I'm finding Enemy Within to be better in every way. The missions are more varied where Enemy Unknown had three or four basic mission types. The timed retrieval requirement for the resource called Meld also introduces an element of pressure and adds a different dynamic to game play. I've actually wrecked some play thru's of EU by researching the wrong things. So far I can tell that some of my decisions are making missions a little harder but I also feel like I will be able to correct this and get back on track. Later episodes lose that stagey-ness and become very involved dramas. It doesn't actually detract from the enjoyment, just makes it a bit sad we can't see the sets and costuming as they were filmed. Perhaps they will rethink the decision to cancel it and bring it back. Somehow I never saw it when it was aired on PBS and the discs were a bit pricy for a 'hope it's good' purchase. The episodes have been remastered to splendid effect, they are all excellent in both video and audio quality. I'm not sure whether that's because I was out of the house at the time -- in the days before VCRs -- or because some of the episodes have elements reflecting the racism, anti-semitism, or other unfortunate aspects of the Edwardian age which U.S. networks elected not to broadcast. We see how the house functions, in particular the duties of the servants through the course of the day -- and we are introduced to one of the richest casts of characters this side of Dickens. Watching the series again, I was moved to tears on a number of occasions. The former had windows and boxes of tissue; the latter did not. Until then -- "look sharp," as Hudson would say, and order this spectacular set to enjoy with your family! When I came home in 1972 I knew nothing of this British TV Series shown on Masterpiece Theater on Public TV. From the first episode when Lady Marjorie hires Sarah "On Trial" and gently but firmly establishes Sarah's position in the household, through the elegance and grandeur of the Edwardian era, "There's no one to touch you, Mrs. Bridges, when it comes to lamb," the exigencies of WWI, when poor shell-shocked Edward the footman is cared for by Lord Bellamy; to the bittersweet end, when Lord Bellamy's diatribe when James loses Rose's inheritance in the stock market crash of 1929, causes a tragedy; the delicate balance between upstairs and down is fascinating and amazing to watch. There are no problems distracting enough to make it unwatchable. The fine writing, splendid acting and authentic sets involve the viewer in the stories to the extent that the minor jumps and glitches are unimportant. Jeff Daniels had brought to life previously a great figure in American history by his masterful job as Joshua Chamberlain in 'Gettysburg'. I think that he and his men were the glue that held the American Revolution together. Roger Rees also does a nice job as Washington's friend Hugh Mercer. The film captures the cold of winter well and is a DVD to watch in December-January when the leaves have fallen off the trees and you have a warm crackling fire inside. All too often, actors are cast to play historic characters they just do not fit. In this case, not only does Daniels bear a passable resemblance to Washington, but he conveys the concern, insecurity, impatience, and determination the general admitted to feeling in his letters and correspondence. While I do not claim to be a historian, I found The Crossing to be pretty accurate. It would make a nice addition to a homeschool history curriculum as well as the family video library. Jeff Daniels is excellent as Washington pulling his dispirited troops together for a decisive action. He was also conducting an amphibious operation which is one of the hardest operations to perform in warfare. The state of mind of Washington's troops, ofter overlooked, is shown in great detail. Harrison Ford is such a likable movie star, and one that audiences can always put their faith in. The most startling difference in movies like this made in the late 1990s and those made in the mid-2010s is in the special effects. This is certainly Harrison Ford's last, really watchable movie (don't get me started on "Crystal Skull"!) Upon viewing this film in the Blu-Ray format it made me regret not seeing it in theaters in a sense. I will elaborate more on these technical specs later but for now I will give a very brief summary here. President Marshall, played by a more youthful looking and middle-aged (Harrison Ford) is held hostage along with his family and staff members on Air Force One after American Special Forces capture general Rodek who is the leader of Kazakhstan. Well I am astounded to announce that, Blu-Ray fans won't be disappointed in this department either because the picture and sound looks and feels incredibly sharp, precise and most importantly very consistent. Despite the film's age, this disc completely revives and revamps it to a more recent looking film even with the sparse and light 90's grain subtlety prevalent throughout. Personally, no other scene compares to this high level of detail in my opinion. The majority of the film takes place in the interior of the plane during the night with some interwoven scenes of the white house conference rooms so you will have to keep this in mind in order to regulate any misguided expectations. ( The automatic sub-machine guns truly immerse you in its breath taking firepower during the first plane shootout when the terrorists kill the majority of the President's staff on board. Listen carefully to the bullets ricocheting off metal stairs or penetrating through bathroom doors. Although I wouldn't say this is an outstanding Blu-Ray film, I will say it is a solid one because it delights and pleases wherever possible. His anger is explosive and expected when provoked and his calmness is professional when in control; he practically has zero empathy for anyone on board as he kills relentlessly with his crew. He is still on Air Force One with the bad guys and his family and staff. America has an honorable man as their leader and he's saving them from evil again. Wolfgang Peterson creates a heavy feeling of tension, Ford a likeable hero and Oldman as Korshunov, a rotten villain who was actually quite scary. And try to spot three villains from Beverly Hills Cop 2 and one villain from Beverly Hills Cop 3. Gere is always good as the wild card cop and/or loner type, and he will do just about anything to find the murder witness (Basinger). 4 stars	This review is NOT about the movie as it is five plus stars. Honestly, Criterion is the best of all of them...Criterion, Twilight, Shout! I never really thought about it till after I watched this but not once in my lifetime had I ever actually heard somebody I know say they liked this movie. I don't know how much I can say that hasn't already been said both by lovers of the movie and critics. I suppose many movie critics of the time were part of the hippie generation and were liberal minded. I've seen much better biker movies or better movies of any genre you want to classify this as. His next movie was a bomb and I think Hollywood realized he just go lucky with the reviews. It ends terribly and I learned nothing other than the hippie movement was a waste of time. It appears to be a movie about a bunch of losers who did nothing with their lives. Then again I don't spend my life smoking weed either so I guess I'll never understand. The movie is boring, poorly acted, poorly directed, poorly edited, plot starts OK and slowly goes nowhere. I actually like slow movies, independent movies....low budget movies in particular. I was happy to switch to round-wounds when they became available. There will always be a place for round-wounds on some of my basses for some kinds of tunes...everyone should have some variety, but I'm quite happy to convert at least some of them to these chromes. I have a couple of guitar hangers that are works of art and more attractive than this model.
I've read some reviews of the DM10 that were considerably less than complimentary, but I really like this kit a lot. The rack, although it's lighter-gauge than what you would expect to find on an acoustic kit, is more than adequate. The feel of the heads is great, and I really don't think the sound of sticks hitting the heads is loud at all as some other reviewers have opined. A couple things I would suggest improvement for is the ride's bell and edge zones. Finally, the high-hat isn't quite realistic in some respects. Haven't played with the internal dip switches that affect attack. Not usually into pedal aesthetics, but this is a sexy piece of kit. The LED shines through the translucent knobs and looks like eye candy. Only play in bedroom and cannot give feedback on stage worthiness. Ok, let me say here that it -IS- a definite improvement over the blocks that came on the Mexican Strats in the 90's and early 00's...that same half-sized block that comes on many Squiers. Since my purchase, I have used this mic for one live show and one home recording. This mic out preformed all except the alesis and audix mics I got. Highly recommend it - for the cost you won't find a better mic. For running sound, you can't beat it - for recording, it holds it own. Much better than most of the pantyhose and an knitting circle DIYs. The arm sags a lot of the time after adjusting it and is hard to get to stay precisely where you want it. I must clarify, they are not actual bubbles that are raised at all; the surface is smooth as any drumhead. I've beat the crap out of this head and it still sounds the same as day one. Since I'm retired and plenty of time on my hands I   have come a long way toward achieving that goal. I also completely wash each harmonica every 3 weeks in very warm water. ( I'm trying to think of another key to buy like maybe an A flat. Installation was a breeze - 4 screws in the exact same placement as my stock speaker and replaced the +/- connections by hand without having to modify anything. Do consider this speaker if you are interested in an affordable quality replacement or upgrade for your 10" combo or cabinet. I bought a set of D'Addario Helicore Cello Strings for a recently purchased second cello (which was used). The cello, from a reputable company, came with terrible sounding strings which needed immediate replacements. I love Helicore, but I am planning to test out a different set of strings next time. I dislike the thumbdrive feature because that technology is outdated. Had bluetooth been included I would have a total love for it. For larger venues these are great monitors that can be connected to a PA by connecting the Through port to the PA's mic or instrument inputs (you can select either on the back of the unit). Yet for something this size and cost, I was surprised I could plug Line-out to the stereo and it wasn't bad. Review by Michael W. Dean, Freedom Feens radio show, syndicated on Genesis Communications Network. To be more specific: somewhere between Vietnam-era US military camouflage green and old-school hospital room green. A standard condenser mic shock mount and boom arm works fine. But a real strobe light leaves trails when you move across a room.. Or wave your hand.. That's old school Strobe, and even those had an adjustment knob to control the speed. Update to my original review 1 Aug 2016: I came back an added 2 Stars to my original review. Based on the color and sensitivities settings, behind a 55- 65 inch TV, this really adds a lot of special effects to a movie. The manual for my Shortboard MkII doesn't call out the TT specifically, so I'm having to infer certain processes from instructions on how to use the Shortboard with the POD or other Line 6 products. Would highly recommend this to any guitar hobbyist who doesn't need bulky amplifiers for home use. NOTE: I, very carefully, and precisely, followed the installation instructions. The satin finish on the body is what really sets it apart from the glossy versions, in my opinion. The pickups are ok, I think they are meant to be changed anyway. Obviously this is not something to rival the very expensive ones. But with the right upgrades, it has a really good chance to do so. The only thing I would change are the pickups but I get the sound I want by adjusting the amp settings, so it's not a big issue for me. This gives a full bodied sound and really makes playing guitar much more enjoyable. Using one pedal doesn't hurt the whole minimalist vibe I've been digging within the bass guitar world. It looks like I'll be buying a compression and tuner pedal separately. At the conclusion of that war, they struck a landmark compromise... every existing mic stand would now accept both condenser and dynamic mics, at the very same time (stereo was not an issue... these guys only have one ear, but it's a crazy big one right in what we'd call our foreheads). I played all the frets on all the strings and found no dead frets or buzzing. SO the cosmetics, construction and basic mechanics of the instrument are pretty good. What I noticed when comparing this uke to my Cordoba is the different sound they make. I played the two instruments for my son and he said the Luna has more bass. I'm going to play it for a while and see whether it grows on me. The other way I have to turn it on its side and the wait is very difficult for a blind person to carry.
I'm new to fountain pens and I tend to collect the cheap Jinhao pens, low end Pilot pens (kakuno), Nemosines and I also have a Lamy AlStar. When I received it, I promptly filled it with Private Reserve Black Cherry, a fun dark red purple. If you are using condenser mics you will need a phantom power source or a mic pre amp that provides it. As such this system is more than sufficient for solo and duo acts. I have also used it in much larger venues where the audience was there for a concert and this system easily provided the sound level needed to be heard. One of the main reasons why I awarded this five stars is sound quality. Plus there's only about two threads on the slim little nut, and if they aren't a really tight match to the other half, wear very quickly (especially since you have to tighten them so often). With a brand new strap, they can be a bit tricky to get on, but just as tricky to get off (which is good). That tight fit could cause some increased wear on the strap, especially if it is made from cheap materials. If you are one who is taken to doing back-flips, or find yourself frequently using your strapped instrument like a hula-hoop onstage, then these probably won't save your precious instrument from the gravity goblin or inertia monkey's worst intentions. But if either of these antics are your norm, you might be better served by a permanently attached strap, or perhaps therapy. I'm done with traditional strap buttons and don't imagine ever going back to metal on metal strap locks. I see no reason to lower their rating for that though because after all, they are not wood sticks! These are likely a compromise between rigidity and durability. Overall I'd say the effect is very livable and they are very playable. The thing is, wood sticks don't last forever and even break during use. There are ways to fix controller glitches which I do not feel I need to explain here.) It CREATES a lag time between key input - response by allowing your computer more time to process the audio correctly.) The Hurricane Harps S32 doesn't have quite the high-gloss sheen of the Hohner, you can still see faint swirl marks from where the Hurricane Harps melodica was buffed after casting whereas the Hohner is completely polished and shiny. Also, this tree has no problem holding the weight of my instruments. and a Gibson Les Paul (heavy) along with an acoutic (light) on the second level and it holds them no problem. Another plus is the heights of the grips and supports are totally customizable, so if you're using basses, guitars, and banjos it will accommodate them all. The two levels of grips and rests can be adjusted independently. Plus if you know music stands, the Hercules brand is about as good as they get. With only one exception, this cable is NOT designed for a stereo camera. Now, that said, Here's my review... It does what it is supposed to do. I purchased this to use with my T2i running Magic lantern that allows the use of balanced mics on the external input. For professional use, you probably won't be using any cameras with an 1/8" jack anyway. Not a big deal, but something to keep in mind if you get multiple Hosa adapters. These mikes, when purchased in a five-pack, are about $1.75 each. I compared this head to head with an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Audio-Technica-ATR-3350-Lavalier-Omnidirectional-Condenser-Microphone/dp/B002HJ9PTO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Audio-Technica ATR-3350 Lavalier Omnidirectional Condenser Microphone</a>&nbsp;that costs about $20-25. I just push the two magnet down a little and solve the problem. I choose it not because of the price, more like in spike of the price. Let me start by saying I have been playing guitar off and on for over 40 years. So my pleasure with this instrument is tempered by that fact. The built in tuner is accurate when checked against my other tuner and the electronics all seem fine, no feed back. The 1 7/8" nut is the same as my Washburn Classical but the neck is thinner similar to an electric guitar. There needs to be directional arrows other than just right and left. I'm sure NI has the next 5 mixers ready to ship after this one has been played by the Traktor crew. Lets break the machine down from a DJ - Hip Hop artist point of view. The sounds included are not bad I just wish NI would loosen up and give better deals on the virtual instrument plug ins	I've been using this model of instrument mount on my sax for close to twenty years, if not longer. Now to be fair, I am a full-time musician and play in rock bands. Used them for about 15 years until they were damaged in a mishap. Highs are clean and well-extended - certainly they go higher than my 10khz cutoff hearing - younger folks who've passed through like the highs. Also, fit and finish is excellent - AKG have obviously kept QC standards up despite having these made now in China. I'm not saying these are perfect, but they are as close as I'll get, since I certainly won't spend more than a c-note on headphones - it just wouldn't be prudent. My opinion then is obvious - best at the price, and better than many to which I've listened in the past that were much more expensive. It also has a beat maker in it and you can modify, record and layer the sounds any way you'd like. I Bought this through Amazon for $109 SHIPPED at the time so shop around and you could get lucky. pitch, frequency etc etc etc the list goes on and on)  So you can't really use the MiniKP as a stand alone one man band device like the Kaossilator. I'd even recommend hooking the MiniKP up to a Bliptironic 5000 and using the kaossilator separately and you have some crazy meditative grooves to be made! It was sort of a joke at first, everyone expected these units to be crap. Instead, we found a product that works fantastic, is super easy to configure (due to the 3-pos switches) and the jacks are like buttered toast, no more fighting to get the cable in or out. I measured the impedance from input to output of one channel (passing thru the normal connection path) using a Fluke DVM and found less than one-ohm of series resistance, this speaks pretty well for the normalled connection not degrading your audio sonically. On some old "mil spec" patchbays I've measured as much as 10 ohms thru the normal path, that's what happens when the contacts get dirty. I'm very happy with these and ordering a few more before they raise the price. I make most of my cables myself using Canare and Mogami wire with Switchcraft plugs and have zero noise problems. I've know many people who just assume their connectors are clean, most have oil on them from manufacturing that can cause interference and distortion. You can then adjust the sides around the case and zip the bag closed. There are two zippered pockets in the "lid" of the case, each almost as wide as, and fully a third of the length of the bag itself. They are flat, non-gusseted pockets, there for convenience, not to be jammed full to bursting. Storing the music stand for the keyboard can be a little problematic.
The collectors edition comes in a beautifully crafted box, that safely holds and protects the product inside. The expansion is well made, and adds hours of fun on top of an already fantastic game. It turns out Amazon did not have the invatory to uphold their release date delivery promise. I wish I had done business with a brick and mortar store, and will do so from now on. Both -20 decibel attenuation switches are absolutely in the off position. Yes, I detect less noise, if you will, when the box is utilized...but perhaps that is just because the box naturally drops the volume level as the signal is passing through it. I think it was just designed to lower the decibel level automatically by default. Connect a mixer and you can turn your PC into a Karaoke machine. Phosphor bronze provides a different tone than brass, which you may or may not like. You might be wondering how the Blues DeVille compares to the Hohner Blues Harp..  BH has a thick wooden comb that is really really rough on the tongue when tongue blocking. Blues Harps, unlike the Blues DeVille, do not have side vents, and are therefore quieter. Both the BD and BH have reed plates that stick out past the comb. I find the Blues DeVille to be far superior to the Blues Harp. But that was just to satisfy my enthusiasm--the truth is, this simple open-back Goodtime would have been plenty sufficient for all my present and future purposes. If you're going to be playing in a band or in large open venues, you may want to spend a little more for one of the Goodtime models that have a resonator (Goodtime Two) or a tone ring (Goodtime Special Open-Back) or both (Goodtime Special). One possible note of caution: Chinese-made, low end instruments are notorious for inconsistent quality control. Don't take a chance on these guitars unless you are skilled enough to examine them properly and do any work necessary. The highs settled down somewhat once you get a couple hours playing time through the speaker too. I've never been disappointed with either a closed back or open back install. But its speaker has a pretty thick/heavy cone and it is relatively hi-fi sounding. It sounds much more like a guitar amp now - if that makes any sense. It appears very well constructed with classic Fender Telecaster design although the head stock is more like a Les Paul. The baritone's strings are the same tuning as the 4 highest pitch strings of the guitar, DGBE, so the learning curve wasn't an issue but when I had to return the loaner I ordered "Mabel". I ended up deciding on this Distressed Leather Strap and couldn't be more satisfied. I loved this, since I can loop them together (I use the higher one) and slap a strap lock on it, and it makes for a perfect cord holder and keeps it out of the way while playing. You get multiple cables, a bracket to mount your phone to a tripod, a hand grip to hold the whole thing, two mics, and the mic adapter/meter/amp. Someone holds it overhead to get it as close to speaker and action without the camera seeing it. It will adjust the sound but it won't act like a "spy microphone" and pull in mouse fart at fifty yards or anything close to that.) The only way to move up from this would be to get a professional mixer and probably a separate recorder so you can add sound later. If that wasn't enough, the rig includes a really good bracket that holds your iPhone and can be screwed onto a standard tripod attachment or you can attach it to the included hand grip stick. I lost money on this deal and got nothing for it other than a bad taste in my mouth for the seller---WOODWIND AND BRASSWIND--which I will give ONE STAR ONLY and will avoid at all cost for any future purchases here on Amazon...I'll stick with Music123 when possible for they are responsive and offer and honor their coupons. I started doing some DJ work and decided I need better portability. That said, the price on the older model is tempting, assuming the sound quality is the same, which I cannot attest to. The older model comes with 25 foot cables, so I don't know why an extra few feet of wire couldn't have been included with the new unit. This is my third attempt at a decent somewhat portable stand - and is by far the best yet. I have a NI S88 on the lower and an S60 on the upper with no worry about stability. Knowing how to mark and drill holes in steel would come in handy again as - Second problem is the stand is not drilled to sit low enough. The first reason it's just "ok" is: I wanted to use my stereo microphones that have a 3.5MM plug with this. After I purchased it (before it arrived) I read another review where the person said it does NOT contain a 1/8 or 3.5MM stereo line input jack. On this mix, you will clap only when you hear yourself say "2." Don't get me wrong, the audio quality of the recordings is excellent, the rest of the features are good, and it's very user friendly, and most importantly somewhat portable (although, you won't be sneaking it through the security line at a concert unseen.) Instructions were not included (I have no idea what a guitar tuner is or how to use it). As soon as I took the carrying bag out of the box, I noticed a problem with the zipper and the bag is really, really thin. This is a nightmare purchase for me and I wish I would have put my almost 40 bucks toward something of much better quality. I thought I'd give the guitar a chance and get the string replaced at a music store and they wouldn't touch it. They also told me that the guitar shouldn't have cracked when it bumped the wall. I ended up spending about $150 for something decent from the music store. They are more than sufficient to hold the light weight of these lights. My only fear is I'll want to by more and more and turn into a visual guy instead of an audio guy. He packed it very well, he was very nice to even give me an AC adapter for the unit. The only thing I had to do was download the manual to find out how to work it properly. But if you're just now starting I'm trying to create some different sounds this is wonderful! I know the new amps have come out, but I don't feel the need to replace. The computer interface makes changing patches stupid easy and fast. The overall covering isn't as nice but should hold up for medium duty. While it isn't quite as nice as tubes, it makes up for it in pure versatility.
Let me start off by saying that I didn't have huge expectations for this lawn mower when i bought it. It is hard to be disappointed when your expectations are low. I was able to set up some basic settings and used it for the 1st time on New Years Eve. I have now played 6 gigs with it, have done some minor tweeking, but so far have loved using it. 1 is a clean twin: Efffect 1 is chorus, Effect 2 is tremelo, Effect 3 is clean boost,  effect 4 is slap echo and pedal is wah. # 3 is crunch: Effect 3 is boost and the amount of distortion is controlled by the pedal. # The manual that comes with it is not as thorouhg as it could be and I download the complete manual from the Line 6 website. Update: 1/02/15 Been playing this Hammond in Key of A every day what A GREAT playing harp the Hammond is, the sticky #10 hole, Is totally GONE and is Not a problem at all it is just a fantastic playing harp. I am Hoping that with some playing it will break in that Not so lively, sticky #10 Hole Blow/draw. Update: for Problem of the Sticky, POOR playing #10 Hole, Blow/Draw, I pulled the covers off, used a tooth pick, and Very Gently messaged the #10 hole, Blow and Draw reeds, pushing them up at the ends, and away from there seating position, moving them in this manner several times, moving them maybe 1/16"off there seat, then also did the #8 & #9 holes Blow/Draw reeds the same. If you Want a High Quality Professional Instrument, Not a toy, this is it	Good stuff. That may be fine for automobiles, but when used on guitars, the silicone works it's way into the wood, and is impossible to remove. First a wipe down with Gibson Pump Polish, rubbing it all off. In that case, I usually put a Kyser humidifier in the soundhole (keeps humidity in the guitar) and then put the Oasis inside the case for the case itself and the neck/fretboard (and usually stick a Herco in the case compartment as well!). If it's not so dry where you live, you'll be fine just with this. If you let this humidifier get REALLY dry, it can rip the fabric. I found some internet resources that advised adding metal foil shielding inside the guitar. So I was intrigued at this set from EMG that promised good tone and low noise. They come pre-wired and ready to drop in with zero soldering required. That's something I never thought I'd hear anyone say about my Strat. Pros === QUIET - This was my number one requirement and it has been met. Evaluated with Peavey Classic 50 head amp and Peavey Classic 410E 4x10 open back cabinet. ( You really have to try them in your guitar, your amp, while you are playing. For me, the pickup noise was the only thing that I didn't like about my guitar, so this made sense. 9V Battery Required - These are active pickups and therefore require a battery. The power supply worked on all of my pedals but one - the aforementioned Nova Repeater. The weight of the reviews for this product suggest that it works for many, but it didn't work for me. On the down side, I really wish they would have used a brown leather handle instead of the plastic handle it can with. I have fender locking strap buttons and I cant leave the strap attached and set the guitar in the case. The value was right and it seemed like a great solution for my tenor, alto, soprano practice room. 2 - The cushioned areas on the stand for the alto/tenor spots don't work well for tenor. Might be correctable if you made the lower cushion (not the top "Y" cushion but the second smaller cushion extended out a little. When I hold and play this Epiphone Les Paul special 2 guitar it feels and sounds like something I could take on stage but it doesn't have the cost associated with a Gibson. Very solid construction and a beautiful polished ebony finish and tuners. The line-in signal is not routed through the amp's volume or tone controls, so I have to use the MP3 player to control loudness, but that's no big deal. It also said "reformulated nickel plated string windings have greater magnetic properties resulting in higher output and enhanced mid-range frequency response for more presence and crunch". From a guitar player's perspective (I play mainly gibson humbucking guitars) the difference in sound was so dramatic switching from my EVH 9's to this set of NYXL extra lights that it was like I had swapped my pickups out for single coils. I swapped another guitar back and forth just to make sure I wasn't crazy - because I have never heard strings adversely affect my sound in this way before. It's actually smaller in size than my 15W Marshall, but cranks! I was surprised it wasn't bad for jazz to despite the distortion setting. Again there's considerably more distortion in chords than notes, being an asset or a disadvantage depending on your taste. If you play in a retro band you might put it on stage in front for show (but use something else). I've had my Snark for about two years now and find it invaluable. I won't go into how great the device is; that's been said over and over and I have nothing to add except that I am totally lost without it. I had a recent mishap with my Snark and needed to replace the clip that broke, not due to a failure but due to a mishap on my end. What separates great companies from others is what they'll do about it to make it right. My local electrical company has been doing maintenance work in my neighborhood and we have had extensive planned outages. I searched for hours on Amazon until I found this and it was so perfect I purchased two and I am so glad I did. I am really happy with the way my coloring pages turn out using these pencils. Now I can get up close for engineering drawings and push the monitor back for college multimedia presentations. I have to remove a trim cap to tighten one bolt so keep the wrench that comes with the ARM. Overview: For the price point, it's the best budget-friendly fountain pen on the market. The design is minimalistic and perfect for daily use, such as school and work. I am a first-time user of this pen and will be a lifetime user. My old Palms (M100 and family) had a "flip top" screen covers and this new method is a little simpler and, thus, that much better. If two colors are going to be supplied -- how about a "boring business" color like white and a "bold fun" color like bright yellow for casual use? It requires virtually no pressure to change from one selection to another.
With a library of around 10,000 songs, it is a very frustrating experience. If I want to play music that lives on my actual computer, it should be click and play immediately. The left pane keeps refreshing or doing whatever it is doing, adding to the frustration and unpredictability of the program. It would be great if Grandstream included one or sold one very cheap. Great price,  great lead holder... BUT.... Funny,  had this exact  Lead Holder for years,  I read a review that stated, DO NOT LOSE THE CAP... OR ELSE YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO ADVANCE or Release THE LEAD... Day or two later,  it flew off . Pretty Cool of them...  -Thank you for yur answers about whether  this had "China" or "Germany" on it. UPDATE- One of them, (I purchased 3 when they were below 6$) the metal 3 prong grabber is slightly "askew" and does not load properly. Things I really like about this printer are:  It is very quiet and fast. Printer range is great and we can print from anywhere in our house and even from the garage. It has a small footprint and the only wired connection is for power. Very glad we chose this printer and we feel its a great value. Even though I'm not in school anymore, I still like to write long-hand, but somehow the *presence* of an eraser makes it easier for me just *write* and not be indecisive about everything I put down on paper. Flowing LIQUID gel-ink and a true eraser without all the crumbly/smudgy stuff? every time you use the pen, you have to put a good deal of pressure on it for the ink to flow. I wish they sold a bottle of this ink so I could use it in more applications. The printer does not have a rear paper feed slot, big drawback. It was difficult for me to locate the option for chat support on hp's website, but unfortunately I got very good at locating and using this. the solution was to install a strange driver that then made it necessary to enter the paper size on my computer printer settings each time I changed paper size. Then I had unfixable issues with printing photo's from my computer without the printer adding a border. From AirPrint, photo's had no border, but I could not print a borderless photo from my PC, even after hours with chat support and weird drivers being installed that compromised other functions of the printer. This might be a good printer for someone, I'm happy that at least through all of this, hp support helped me figure out that my printer/scanner needs to be within 15 feet of my Wi-Fi router in order to scan. The first problem came when I tried to scan an old photo from the 1970's. The next issue for me came when I then went and found a correct sized photo for the frame. I have many graphic programs that will import scanned images so I did not install the Photoimpression 6 software that was included. For some reason I don't get, using this software does remove the frame from the finished image. This does it all....Color scanning, copies and print from computer. I'm so glad to get rid of the Brother and give it the Salvation Army. You must select on the Canon if you want to scan before attempting to scan. I had used Visioneer scanners for many years to try to maintain a paperless office. I read several product descriptions before settling on this one. It's not so much about the hidden container as it is the hike and area  where it's hidden! They're fast, reliable, durable and this model is no different. It's tiny, feels well constructed, and does not require external power. If you've used a scansnap this one puts the brakes on and reverses you-- the paper actually feeds in the front and out the back-- Opposite of all Scansnaps. Update: I have added a photo of it in my hand for size comparison. Since I've had the scanner I carry it with me in my backpack every day to & from work and everywhere I travel with my work backpack. Update: I recently needed to scan some very plastic like paper and it didn't want to curl upwards to come out of the scanner. By professionals, captains of industry, artists, and school children. I don't recall these Kuru Toga pencils from when I was there, I might have been using them all along and didn't realize what I had. The auto rotation/ auto advance of the lead works perfectly as expected. The included HB leads are for me, the perfect balance of darkness and hardness. The encapsulation surrounds each droplet with a polymer, which almost completely eliminates their previous problems. For around $100 on sale (sometimes a little less), this thing is just insane value. No problem if you can deal with it, but something to beware of if you have a lot of electronics on the same circuit. Two cons that are small for me but might be major for you:  1. Could not get the printer to print cleanly even running the head cleaning cycle multiple times. This makes for making custom pages for your own planner so much easier because you're not punching 6 holes but only 3 holes. These are my absolute favorite folders, even without the inner pockets. Think of all the paperwork you have and whether the identifying marks are at the top or along the side. This is typical since it would be harder to achieve otherwise. Some expandable folders really get large, but these are limited by the width of the bottom (which doesn't expand). I am writing this after only a week of ownership, so I hope that my experience continues. I purchased this to replace a nine year old Dell color laser. I GET BEYOND FRUSTRATED WITH THIS THING AND WANT TO THROW IT OFF A CLIFF MOST DAYS. They are perfectly usable for light long-term filing, but not for adding 2-prong clips or frequent reference use.
You play Kyle Reese  who is sent back in time  to l. A. circa 1984 by John Connor. the mission,  to stop  the terminator that skynet has sent to kill sarah Connor. if your thinking of getting a sega cd for your collection..this should be bought with it..its that good. This info is visible from the setup page you get by holding the go button in for 10 seconds. For linux, I chose the HL-5270DN driver which seems to work perfectly, but used "ipp://192.168.1.111/" style for the "Device URI" since the auto-detect found it by Bonjour or something but wouldn't connect when the configuration was finished (I'm using xubuntu). Inexpensive, but has all the interfaces for a network printer. I bought one at Home Depot and it worked so well, I bought another one on Amazon. The round top doesn't create a pressure point, when I install them as others have mentioned. All of the reviews below 4 stars seem angry at the staples for the customer's own circumstances. Some of the more experienced reviewers don't understand this either. It's there to let the metal wire slide smoothly through the bending equipment. The last brand I used was COVERED in graphite grease which took days to scrub off my hands. These offered just enough persuasion for the tree to go where I was asking it to go instead of onto my roof. I began by driving them in with a hammer, which worked pretty well. The seller is sending me another kit to replace the faulty shaft seal included with the first kit. In addition to the kit, I also ordered the replacement impeller for my 1.5 HP Superpump (they now have a bronze threaded portion), thinking the current edition had the plastic threads which might fail and take out my new  shaft seal. All was good for a few days, however, the leak began again shortly thereafter. Thinking the housing gasket might be twisted or some other minor issue, I disassembled, inspected, and reassembled without finding a problem. UPDATE July 13, 2017: Last Monday I replaced the new shaft seal which came in this kit with the one I had stashed away as an emergency spare. I wanted the same one but it appears it is no longer available. Although spines on the Hound Dog appear to be a little stronger but so far no issue with the Worth. Obviously using it on really dry soil would be more difficult, makes sense to use it when the soil has enough moisture to easily push into the ground. Basically you never need to lean down to pick a week up, just aim the tool into a bucket or collection bin and press on the top round handle and the mechanism releases the weed. Could fill them in with a little dirt but I don't think it is necessary and acts much like an aeration plug which is good for the lawn. Wearing a pair of work gloves does alleviate the pressure on the palm. You can make a serious dent on dandelion weeds in your lawn in short time using this tool. I'll report back if anything falls apart but I think it is worth the cost. I believe they are earth worm eggs for two very important reasons. A healthy mix that attracts several species of birds and stays fresh a long time. This is also great to leave beside the pond for nesting ducks. One of the 2 that I purchased didn't lock properly; hence leaking. The suction cups are tucked into a protective circle of hard plastic. I am certain there are a few individuals who have gotten this feeder to hold properly. You shouldn't have to spend more than a few minutes doing so in addition to wondering whether the feeder will hold or break free (and break). Those were doing better than most of my garden, super green lush and producing lots of great stuff. The best hose that I've ever used for tiny, fussy spaces like this is the kind that is sold as an "RV hose". As soon as I let go of the trigger, the pressure in the hose builds up again allowing it to stiffen so that it can continue its snake-dance. So I need to walk around with the hose constantly running to maintain its flexibility. Also great for kids who want to pretend to be snake charmers. I don't want to get so wet simply because I am watering my pots. I turned to the IonGen system after reading several reviews and speaking with my son. I gave it 10 days to make a difference at the highest setting in my large green pond. I could also see all my Hornwort (a dark green underwater plant) was dying and soon huge chunks of it showed up in the skimmer. My water Iris, snowflakes and other water plants are thriving. I found three much larger Brim thriving and I notice my two grey armored catfish had grown considerably, all of which I accepted as the explanation for the missing fish and tadpoles. I bought filter for a 10ft x 30in summer scape pool which is about 1200 gallons of water. Before with the original filter that came with the pool my younger son, nieces, and there friends used it once and the pool was really dirty and would not clean at all. For the price it's worth getting only if it's for one summer, or use it till it breaks. Thanks	I ordered this as a replacement for the pump that came with our Intex 52" by 24 ft round metal frame pool. It also seems like we are using less chlorine so far this year & the water is staying crystal clear! Hoping it holds up another 4 years or better like the last one! Finally, I was frustrated enough that spending $75+ on a door mat didn't seem all that crazy. After a great deal of research we settled on the Weber Spirit. And much to our surprise we got more performance than we expected. However, if I were starting again and needed a grill with a larger cooking area I believe I'd get two Spirit grills instead of a Genesis or Summit. When my son-in-law installed the grates on the grill he placed them just as I've seen them in every store where I've see the grill, with the pointy end of the V-shape pointing up. I purchased my new Genesis when I saw that Weber changed their burner arrangement from across to up and down. It's a mishmash of information intermingling several different models.
Wish LED's were not so expensive, but they do put out better light and perform better than cfl's. They did mention they were forwarding my concerns to their supplier. Food that seems clumpy are a clue that a larvae is living in that food. Do not place two traps close together; 20-feet apart is the recommended distance. But they then mate and lay more eggs and the cycle begins again. I also put some of the pantry food in the refrigerator, which is a place the moths will not go nor survive in. The sooner you see them the easier it is to get rid of them because one female moth can lay up to 300 eggs! I have both these and the Automator which is a similar product. These are far superior; they are heavy duty plastic and hold up very well over the years. They are very easy to install as the two pieces snap together with no damage to the plants. It was a little marginal when we moved in, and has only gotten moreso over the years. Shed arrived in just a few days - much faster than I thought. Got a call when it was available, to schedule delivery, and had emails almost every day with status and reminders. I would say the three of us spent about 12 hours, across 2 days, pulling out the old shed, and assembling this one. There are *alot* of screws, and they recommend not using a screw gun. The aforementioned steel shelving rails help that quite a bit. All in all, it does do the job, but I wouldn't expect this thing to last more than a couple of seasons, unless you have perfect soil (which I apparently do not). The blackberry bushes around here will absolutely take over if you don't keep them in check. Add charged battery, remove blade cover, annihilate blackberry bushes. I started buying the DeWalt cordless stuff 3 or 4 years ago when I found a nice drill/driver on sale and I'm a total convert now. THE COMPANY: Their customer service was great; it exceeded my expectations. Many years ago, before I discovered Earthboxes, I purchased a couple of simiar, but different planters from another source. I've found Earthboxes to be superior to those original planters and would be lost in our hot, unforgiving summers without them. Now I can roll the maters under some shelter from the scorching sun or position plants as needed to assist nature. Being able to fill the reservior instead of time-consuming, labor intesive watering duty cuts down on stress the plants experience and saves me time. We used large tote boxes and they worked fine for a couple of seasons. After a couple of years of baking in the sun, they began to crack if you tried to move them. We had to toss all of the homemade EBs and clean up the mess. It is kind of a pain since the "Sun Joe SPX3000 Pressure Joe 2030 PSI 1.76 GPM" has a long handle and then you add this to it, there is no "tommy gun" like grip to take the pressure of the weight of the foam cannon off your hands/arms. I may have to retire my d-handle shovels and try out these o-handles instead. My old edger just had a long handle, and that often left blisters even after short use. This product is unique enough that I feel a bit of a premium for non-China manufacture would be worth the cost. UPDATE 9/16: Received refund as soon as UPS picked up the package. So I knew I ordered the correct cover - 7553 / 7107 from King Kong. I have a great solution -- use at your own risk -- to defeat this problem. Yes, I know I can clean the glass every time with some white vinegar. It has made some fantastic smoked cheese for me in about 2 hours. There is about 9 deg F difference between the 2 probes so far. The cold smoke is rated at 1.5A @ 120VAC, as a side note, but you should not be running them both together at the same time UNLESS you want to try something I have done *at your own risk*:  I bought a 6 inch and a 12 inch smoking cube. Again, do this at your own risk:  I put my smoker right inside the door of the garage so it's protected from the wind on 3 sides (I have machine shed type doors that slide side to side, not up and down), and I opened the door a bit to let the smoke out and some cold air in. I would get the 40 inch with the simplest and most reliable controls as well. I really wanted to get an all metal bubbler for my gardening needs, but being unable to find anything but junk, I ended up relenting and purchasing this plastic unit from Melnor instead, albeit with some hesitation. I was pleasantly surprised to find that it performed wonderfully and worked as well if not better than I had dared hope. For anyone that's handled product from the former, you will not be surprised to find that it far exceeds the quality of the latter. I ended up combining this with the Gardena quick disconnects that I use for my watering and it works like a dream. Highly recommended if you're looking for a bubbler of this type. Out of the three Bliss Garden Terrariums I bought, this is my absolute favorite. It includes a tiny air plant, three different colors of moss, a branched stick, a sea urchin shell, sand, a thin glass terrarium globe that looks like a tipped brandy snifter, and a set of instructions. + Advertised - Ideal for cutting high branches without climbing a ladder. Too bad there isn't a version of this pole pruner without the saw... could cost less? Closing remarks:  To be honest, I didn't think this pole pruner would be that useful, but I was wrong! I had bought the cheapest I could find since I needed EVERY lawn tool to start with. I never realized what a hassle manually pulling the string was until I used this model. Of course, the spool has to be wound correctly, and patiently, but so worth it. This goes into a standard 55gal barrel filed with Air Conditioning batting to collect the heavy particles. At this point, my GUESS is that to maintain the pond would require 2 liters every 3 months. If it does not, then don't bitch about this product, just try some other things until you find what works for you.
I am compelled to write a review on this flashlight after owning it for 2 years. Bought it in Feb'2011 and din't use it much (only about once a month if at all). After 3 months, I got the LED front part sent over to me, which was for a different model!! Otherwise, it is a $50 paperweight, and not a very good one either. Weber makes two carts for it, the 6507 Rolling Cart and this item, the 6508 Stationary Cart. The 6508 Stationary Cart includes a hose adapter for the 20 lb. It also seems better built and includes a screen that blocks the tank from view. It took me about 30 minutes and I only used one or two bad words. Well, I did once but the good news now is that this $10 nozzle is the best I've ever used in this price range and unlike others in this price range, should last virtually forever (because there are no inherent design flaws). The outer jacket, the part that is supposed to turn to adjust the spray is the third piece. The good news is that while the 'O' rings may need replacing, there's no reason the brass nozle shouldn't last a good many years. How to: www.cigarsinternational.com/cigar-101/article/29/salt-test I used a large zip lock bag and a coffee scoop filled with 2 tablespoons of table salt. I have been using, "Farnam's Roll On Fly Repellant" for years. (That's what it is called on bottle)  It works great and keeps flies aways for all day. I've never had a horse get cancer...nor have I or any employees. Lots of ways to end up with no vet bills.... strong pyrethins is one of them. It's really solid; it lights-up in a big hurry; and it cooks great. I seasoned them when I got them and never have had to do it again. I made 2 big mistakes when I had another one of these hibachis: I didn't keep it seasoned (I didn't make the mental connection that it was just like my cast iron skillets and needed seasoning to protect it), and, when it got really rusty, I never even thought about cleaning it up and seasoning it again, and gave it away to the guy who cuts my grass. This unit is more powerful than expected and much easier to use than my old gas powered one due to lighter weight. I'm comparing this item with a TroyBilt 205 MPH 2 cycle gas powered blower/vac purchased in 2004. After 14 seasons, the TroyBilt gave up the ghost while I was using it to blow debris off our driveway. As a generic blower, this unit has more power than I expected. Physically and not unlike the TroyBilt, using it as a vac is a bit awkward. I also used this spray to kill back wild roses and heavy thorned wild berry stands. I can move it above their heads, drag it along the ground, or just leave it out for them to play with! Just be a little careful because before I got used to the feel and the willy-nilly of the wire, I wacked them a couple of times with it. ( Might have to get another for my adult adoptee :)  UPDATE: Adult adoptee isn't terribly interested in it. We have a whole home air purifier that runs 24/7 and I had thought this fountain would be a similar kind of white noise sound that fades to the backround but not so much. Side note, my husband does not find it annoying in the least and thinks that I am oddly bothered by it. The material and construction are standard, with careful maintenance you could probably get years out of it. Some of the inner workings are quite small and the manual actually suggests a specific cleaning brush that you need to purchase separately. I haven't looked it up yet, but I assume the special brush is inexpensive and would make suggested weekly cleaning much easier. I like it because it has the solid lower sides, which pups seem to want, but also because it keeps the dog hair from falling all over the room. Last week another cat calmly wolke up, licked off the Cat Lax and went back to sleep. These are heavy enough to stay put on a rug, but I haven't tried them on the laminate floors. ( He's even come at them from both sides at a run and no worries. The first latex toy I purchased was the pig at Walmart for Christmas (sold here on Amazon as well). The noise maker in the second one came lose within minutes and he wasn't even trying to get the squeaker out. Even turning to various dry foods that offer limited ingredients - desperation at its finest! Another will agree with her stomach but she'll itch herself bloody. After many, many, trials with various foods I found this one. It's reasonably affordable and the ingredients rated well with dog food advisor. We're going the dehydrated raw and supplement route next...	I bought this as a last resort before purchasing an eCollar for our 15# Jack Russell who-knows-what mix and our 32# Beagle-Schnauzer mix. I actually had tried a less expensive whistle at one point, but it had no effect. Thus I have to bathe him every week during the summer months. This product works well for keeping mosquitoes and other small biting flies away. In addition, as another reviewer noted, I have found ticks on my dog. Ticks are very rugged and if they can latch on to any part of a dog, they will. The little pad that comes with it for the dogs to lay on does not have the same quality as the rest of the crate. So I have since had to put my own blankets and such for her to lay on. Since removing the cheap pad altogether, there seems to be less of an urge for her to even try to chew. I tried this as a back up litter for when my preferred kind isn't available. ( As a side note, one of my cats is confined as he is very sick and has chronic kidney disease. However, this would probably be fine for mild or non-chewing dogs, the ball is made of what feels like a sturdy material. UPDATE: Our puppy is now 15 weeks old and still loves the ball. This bed really appealed to me because I've owned the cedar stuffed/plaid/fleecy kinds of beds before with my prior best friend, a standard schnauzer (RIP, sweet old pal!) Even if it does, though, I bought the mesh insert that you stuff first. Not only that, those beds all fell apart or left a lot of dust because they weren't washable. I already have the old clothes and some old Ikea sheets I cannot stand to sleep on anymore!
Same old lose memory plotline- I'm sure you are yawning already.) My dog has had a liver condition for 6 years and she is 11 now and she is starting to have more pain in her little body then when she was younger. So please just be cautious I learned a very hard lesson and caused the little pet I love so much a lot of grief. Since finding your Turmeric Chews, she is not as stiff getting up & down. Thank you for creating a great vitamin for my Lab!!I am on the automatic buy program so I will never run out as you did when I first found them!!Take care & keep creating! I could have used my CritterTrail tubes, as they work with the loft and the Critter Universe cage, but I didn't have enough extra ones. I prefer the CritterTrail tubes for her (and all my mice really). If you want to try getting your cat to eat its pill from a pile of dry and apparently unappetizing crumbs, then the new pill pockets formula is what you're looking for. FOLLOW-UP April 28, 2014:  I spoke with a Greenies representative today and fortunately, they have NOT changed the formula. Upped to 4 stars because one of my cats really enjoys this perch and it gets lots of use. It should not be sold separately unless they improve the design. By improve the design I mean the way this perch fastens to the post. It slides on and two plastic wing clips are what keep it from sliding off. This piece should be fastened with screws, not plastic clips. I always make sure to close the little drawer on the bottom to prevent leaking and I leave a trash bag under the box in case it ever does leak (which is more out of habit because I typically have them taped to the walls and everything as a safety net for my cat that stands to pee) but I haven't had any issues with leaking. I was also concerned with it being too small because I have a maine coon and a Siberian that are each 15lbs, but they use it without any problems. I also can't say enough about the liners and how easy it is to clean. when i first got him, i started training him, he will do walking next to me in my back yard, but when it came to the real world, i could not control my 65 pound lab/pitbull mix. i've kept the gentle leader on him all day today so he could get use to it. When refilling, I turn the reservoir into the install position before I carry it back to the unit. They are used to carpet cat trees which allow them to scratch and play on all surfaces. I would return this item if I could and buy a more expensive tree made of carpet with larger cat beds. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- It's more important to her than actually going to the bathroom. She lost one over the winter in the snow, and we (she) didn't find it until spring. Well, I have only had it a day or two, but so far, I really like it a lot. I needed another bale of straw before I had figured out what to do for storage. I bought a patio storage box to use for storage, if that plan succeeds, but in the meantime I desperately needed something to keep the marauders out of it. Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the package. I ~think~ a full small bale will fit, but I can't prove it just yet. As I noted above, though, I had no problems with zippering it up. While the bag is positioned on the driest portions of my porch, it is likely to get a little wet. - The MSRP of $100 is probably closer to what it was once priced at, around $70 of quality for half price. Pro:  + Clearest, finest quality acrylic tank for this price. Possibility of burning out motor if you don't get it right quickly. - Bettas may flare at their reflection for days with the light on. - Maintenance: On ANY tank this size you'll need to take off the cover. But since the filter is on top of the tank area, it can get in the way and needs to be pulled out too. Overall this tank is absolutely as good as it gets at this size and price. And yes, it does last a long time...at least 2 weeks, which is saying something, because I have 3 cats. PLEASE READ:  1 month after buying, I m extremely disappointed. Many people comment their wonder at how such a cheap, simple toy could be so miraculously enticing to cats. Nova goes crazy when I do this and it's definitely the most entertaining toy others like to watch us play with. I was using a Phosban reactor 550 with chemipure and a 150 with GFO. The star polyps and zoos were suffering the most so I decided to give this product a try. I also had 10 year old 6 crocea and 3 smaller clams (derasa, squamosal, maxima) varying in age from 18 months to 5 years. My skimmer immediately went nuts, requiring significant adjustment but it stayed running. After two weeks, I started noticing all of the clams looking stressed.
I wasn't expecting a lot from Second Son, as I'm not a huge fan of the franchise. I appreciate the political commentary on Katrina, that doesn't mean I want to play a video game set there. He ended up looking like some kind of not-yet-fully-formed man-sized foetus. So when Infamous SS was announced back in Feb 2013, I shrugged. Well, about a week before it came out, I read somewhere that Jamie Griesemer was the lead game play designer. * Easily the best city so far, both in terms of looks and being fun to explore and run around in. Combat has been seriously tuned and tightened up compared to previous games. Troy Baker's been getting on my nerves lately simply due to his sheer ubiquitousness... but I didn't mind him one bit in this game. It may not be as great as a pro one, but it is perfect if you own 1+ dogs b/c you will save yourself in grooming costs. I bought an older model same design years ago and had to replace it since the front wheel came loose and was unable to be put back. It was so freakin simple (took minutes to put together and it was ready to go). There is fish meal in the feed, so it adds a slight smell that I wasn't used to. Product arrived in a plastic bag, inside a well taped USPS box. i did notice their yolks have increased a little in size and are slightly darker. good looking, functional heater, this is a perfect choice for you. It works like a charm, I have it set in my turtle tank at around 78 degrees, and that's exactly where it stays at. However, here are a few things I didn't expect: -If you are like me and have a turtle aquarium that is not full all the way, be careful with this heater! I know the box says no tilting of any sort, but I've read some information that it is just a liability thing from the company, like if the seal on top breaks underwater or something. Telling the truth, it should be a okay if you tilt it, it still works fine for me! But i do wish I would have known that it is preferred to be straight up and down. You know, those little outlets in your bathroom with reset and test button on them that no one really knows what they do. All the people that complain that a heater killed their animals, didn't have it plugged in a GFCI. ( I really can't explain it very good, it's just super hard to understand. Keeps my turtle nice and warm, and at a constant temperature. I took something familiar, the squirrel from the hide a squirrel, and put it in the platypus with its tail sticking out so it's obvious. When he pulled the egg, I praised him and gradually put the eggs deeper into the toy. He loves squeeking the eggs, and not really interested in the platypus shell. Because there doesn't seem to be many corners or crevices on this machine. So far, ours has been going strong for a bout a month now and after the first few weeks, and some really bad experiences with our previous Drinkwell, the cat has really taken to this. First, install the batteries and turn the massager on when brushing the dog. I tried it first without batteries and he really didn't like it AT ALL. My Morkie usually looks like a ball of fluff after being groomed. I think I got more hair out today than I did yesterday and I fear it might be pulling his hair out more than removing loose hair. I opened the pad and immediately checked the box as I thought there was a mistake. this will be my first summer with great compression socks and sleeves (also from amazon) and I'm hoping they'll make a big difference...but there's just something about high heat and humidity that annoys my feet, no end. one thing that helps is massages, but I haven't been doing that as often as I'd like because the feet need to be slippery for a good massage, and dealing with having oily feet in the middle of my day is also annoying. she was going to school to be certified for reflexology (in england. and unlike when using oil, if I'm suddenly interrupted I don't have to move as though the floor is a slip 'n slide. I love dragonfruit flavor, and thought this would be a nice thing to try. It is very easy to make, just pour it into your favorite pitcher, add water and stir. I like that this tea has a nice light green tea flavor along with the peach mango, a very interesting combination. If you have never tried this flavor, it is worth giving it a go. It don't really know what to compare the smell to, other than it smells like a feminine perfume... floral but with a bright citrus note too. A friend of mine works in a department store and she says people will dump the entire contents into a ziploc bag and walk out with it! My hair color was changing to "light brown" I tried a couple other herbal essences before changing over to TRESemme brand. I just hope Symantec does some homework and make their products more solid and polished. Last year, TurboTax screwed up by eliminating needed forms from the Deluxe version without mentioning it. I finally dug out my old printer and output the forms to snail mail them in. I have been buying each version of this program for many years. The 2011 program seems to be bug-for-bug identical to the 2010 iteration. But Microsoft Streets & Trips 2011 does not include the new freeway entrance. First of all I had no problems downloading and installing the mac version of the software at all. My mac is a 2006 mac book running 10.7.5 and I had no issues. After I printed out my return I noticed a detailed section from sunrise listing what info they specifically collect and my social security number was one of them. WP is command rather than mouse driven and far more efficient and elegant. A requirement was that they learn enough WP to be proficient in both. If you do a lot of writing and are willing to learn more of the keystroke commands this is a great leap forward.
I've been thinking about upgrading my tubes to LEDs for a while; after getting to the point where about six bulbs and one ballast were dead, I decided to take the plunge. In short, each one of these tubes are MUCH brighter than a pair of five year old fluorescent bulbs. And my power consumption went down from 250 watts per room to 48. Since I just installed these today, I naturally can't report on reliability, but I'm not really concerned; the quality looked decent and they were well-packaged. But that was my choice, since frosted tubes waste lumens and I would have had less light. And the one it did install on it screwed up my WWW/Internet so badly I thought I had a McAfree virus. Windows 7 Ultimate, quad processor, 2.8 Ghz, 16 Gbs of RAM, 3 Gbs graphic engine that is discreet. They have updated the firmware the pass the traffic to prevent a packet storm. Did not have any issues installing the update and it corrected a few bugs. Very long time Quicken user... see my reviews of prior versions. However, after running Quicken 2016 for a few days I have had issues with the file passwords no longer being recognized, registers with years of transaction data no longer visible, account attributes being changed (eg, checking account became a loan account). This version despite the hyped up marketing is far from stable. I do not have confidence in Quicken 2016 and am reverting back to Quicken 2015. It actually makes sense of the rules and instructions for filing your taxes and explains the relevant sections of the tax code in easy to understand language. However, the activation doesn't prevent you from installing on more than one computer but it does prevent you from printing or electronically filing from the second computer. Still, you can take your saved file from work or where ever and bring it home to print or file. I tried Taxcut this year because of the product activation on TurboTax. Still, it didn't tell you what that size was ok or really give you any idea on what to cut out. ( I bought this to use with Xfer-ing my old VHS "How to" videos to DVD. For crying out loud, just fix it with a patch and list the fix in the corel knowledgebase. This year's program seemed to be a lot "worse" than previous years. As an old Dos user of the original personal tax return software published by Parsons, I like this software. It will also import Quicken data, but I don't have high confidence in my own data being correctly assigned to the appropriate tax categories, so I bypassed that step, but I did print out a Quicken Tax Schedule to refer to. However, this can be manually corrected by opening the whole form and zeroing out the data. The Federal portion worked very well, but the State had a glitch in the software. My computer crashed so I bought a new one and loaded the "At Home" software and did an update. I hated 2012 so much I stopped using it in 3 months and uninstalled it. I am a software developer, so these things stand out really bad. The worst though is I am still seeing the same problem with synchronizing my main bank account. This past week it skipped an entire day and also all deposits for the week before. Finding what is missing when it is that many is cumbersome at best. Anyway, three years later and many of the same old problems plague version 2015. They really need to hire some management that would at least pretend to know something about software development. So far as I am concerned, this would be the main reason to upgrade from the 2008 version. The problem is that this would add two extra keystrokes when entering a check as the Amount column is at the end. But if you already have a version of Quicken that works on your computer, and which you like, you may not need to upgrade. That is, I weekly backup my computers to an external hard drive. I purchased a good digital microphone and installed the software. I uninstalled the language software and reinstalled the Dragon software and was plagued by a window that was always trying to re initiate the program (never successfully). I ignored all the cards and mail and then the phone calls came. You do not need to pay the money to buy the boxed set to upgrade if you never upgraded to Leopard. The fact it is missing here tells me that they are primarily concerned with getting Snow Leopard unto as many computers as possible as fast as possible. For now, most of the performance increases are only applicable to Apple's own software. 6) File compression is also faster by 10-15%  (These are somewhat simplified. Breathing new life into older hardware isn't easy, especially not significant improvements. Snow Leopard manages to do just that and make even slower 1.6ghz MacBooks that much more useful. A Minor complaint:  1) One of my time machine back-ups for a co-workers Mac was seemingly corrupted by the upgrade. *****End of update*****  Snow Leopard will grow in usefulness as time passes. Reports are not easy to define when multiple currencies are involved, and currency conversion is confusing at best. I also pray that one day soon a team of honest developers (in a software company that doesn't have as its top priority the ravaging of the customer base in order to increase the value of stock options for the top managers) will write a solid tandem of software products that blows Intuit out of the water - and blasts those developers and managers back into the fires of Hades from whence they come. Update 8 Jan 2013 - - - - -  If you have foreign accounts, beware! Euros are not converted to Dollars when the transfer to Turbotax is made! My compensation is paid directly into an account in Europe denominated in Euros - but the transfer takes the total amount and calls it dollars. Microsoft did not do a good job of making the seamless upgrade paths clear, so here they are:  If you are upgrading from XP (any version) you MUST do a clean install of Windows 7. Personally I did a clean install of Windows 7 64-bit over a Vista 64-bit system (I chose the clean install method because I believe it represents the best route to a trouble free and 'clean' feeling system). The only one that I had an issue with was upgrading a 32-bit system to a 64-bit system. Just make sure you know what you're buying so that you don't end up dissatisfied. A few things are a little more convenient (after you get accustomed to them) but overall the program is a drag on time consumption and ease for writers (authors). The 'ribbon' is okay, but it takes up room so in the end I dump it (hide it) and work without it until I need to use it. I dumped 2003 and 2007 (uninstalled them) and now use MS 2000 for the bulk of my work. For those who use Norton Antivirus 2003, there is little difference in the program, and perhaps the primary reason to move the newer version is the renewed subscription you will receive; the interface is the same. The results have been the consistency of a program that does the job of stopping viruses and does it well. Installation: Installation of Norton Antivirus 2004 is as straight forward as it is easy. However, the service lasts only a year and must be renewed-for a fee of course. Norton Antivirus 2004 protects your computer in the background in three primary ways: * Auto-Protect: protects your computer in the background by continuously monitoring system files for malicious code, including the boot sector, and memory. Virus Scanning: Norton Antivirus 2004 can accomplish virus scanning manually or via scheduled events which you can control.
At first I was terrified that my four year old would say, "this isn't the real castle. " If you get hit with this furniture it will hurt; you'll break first. This is the playhouse you wanted when you were a kid;  something sturdy. I would exchange the flimsy plastic and cardboard for this castle if I had bought the other; together this doesn't hold a candle to Disney. You'll need to do some tinkering with a USB key or have hardware that supports it (see comments to this review for details) 3) You regularly work in multiple languages and need to easily switch from one to the other  Unlike Vista Ultimate, Windows 7 Ultimate doesn't offer DreamScenes or any other eye candy different from its cousins Home and Pro. Before you even buy a 7 upgrade for your machine, stop by Microsoft's website for two things:  a) download and run the Windows 7 Upgrade Advisor. Even very new machines will have one or two programs that need some checking. I used the easy button and believe the claims the developer made are accurate. Each year, TurboTax improves the program and makes it easier and more accessible. I'm very satisfied with the results and will use the program next year. I installed it on both my work and home computers and both times it installed effortlessly with no issues. Some of the other reviews stated that Dragon is difficult to install. Firstly, Dragon likes it if you speak the entire sentence at one time. I am now exploring Dragon's learn function and it appears to work very well. I will update this review after I've been using Dragon for a longer period of time. Dragon handles this function beautifully and I cannot overstate how pleased I am with the program. At the price that it costs here on Amazon Dragon is a howling bargain and I am delighted that I have discovered it. I was very disappointed when I discovered that the defrag program didn't provide choice in what drive to defrag(I have 8 partitions) or any kind of status bar to view to actually see if the program is running. I couldn't setup a new printer on my network XP laptop since it couldn't use the printer driver from my Vista computer. After going to the Vista Community forum, I discovered how to setup a new printer port on both computers. Then this year, 2013, they changed the current file format so that it was going to be an even bigger pain to convert data back to the 2007 software. My primary purpose for this software is to code business expenses for the tax Schedule C form. The only ding I can give the software was how the download process worked and I suppose its limited flexibility for people looking for a really hardcore accounting program. For me this is good as it's ever gotten in terms of using software that works for my small business. This is a good choice for those that are not computer literate. There is system optimization that will clean up and defrag hard drives. I have used Norton quite a few years on several computers and have never had a virus issue on any of my computers. I've had Kaspersky Internet Security on my computers for well over 5 years and when it came time to renew I wanted to see what else was out there because I wasn't as happy with the product the last two years and it was increasingly expensive. I did an additional scan just to be sure after install and that took 1 minute and 24 seconds. Pros + Reasonably priced + Very quick install + User-friendly interface. Update* I've used customer service and had good response times and they've been helpful. True Image even offers the option to completely clean up the old drive - for privacy - once the cloning completes - I did not dare to that but I may do it later. ____________________________ When upgrading to an SSD, I found out that WHS would not restore to a smaller partition than the original. Terrible policy of having to do a "server reinstallation" to use an OEM key when you use the trial version. If you have to deal with what I did, then setup could take you a lot longer than you'd expect. * However, it seems this can be done manually so I created a script to copy the data directory to the external ioSafe drive and I will set this script to run weekly. Take a look at the Microsoft Technical Brief on Backup and Restore on what to do. * It looked for my Windows Home Server and found it - then asked me for the WHS password. * I'm jumping from Intuit's sinking ship and looking at other options. If I find nothing, I'll rather use a spreadsheet than go back to Quicken. Nope, I'm standing up now and saying: Hey Intuit / Quicken, get the * out of here and go pick on someone your own size! --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Quicken pulls the info for me and presents it in an manner that allows me to accept or edit each individual transaction. The calendar is one feature I've used and relied on for many years. That said, I can't think of one thing or function that I would like that Quicken doesn't provide. Some of this makes sense in that some of today's programs are more like the Windows Desktop Gadgets we've seen in Vista and 7:  rather than needing to be launched, they idly stream information to you, and need a bit more room to be easy to read than the older Start Menu could have allowed for. Programs that used to run, shut down, then have to be fully re-launched to run again are instead put in a standby mode so they can launch faster when called again. I've been told that the performance for gaming is supposed to be greater simply by virtue of a cleaner codebase, but I haven't seen anything substantially different on the PC apart from faster boot-up and shut-down times (I did benchmark my machine with 3DMark11 and, after some adjusting, noticed a higher score). The upgrade is pushed through the Windows Store that is part of Windows 8. I don't personally recommend the update at this time for that reason. Sooo....if you go the Windows 8.1 route, there is then a Windows 8.1 "Update for Windows 8.1" that you should probably pull down that puts one more round of fixes into the OS. PP 14 is much faster, which alone almost makes the upgrade worthwhile for me. - I have experienced several non-critical (but nevertheless annoying) program crashes. - Overall, two weeks after upgrading from PP 9 to 14, I am satisfied with the product and my decision to upgrade. I gave one of my older computers to a neighbor kid and used Drive Scrubber to remove everything from the hard drive. But understand, I cannot prove that the program actually works. This glitch of course, could be caused by my own computer or other software corrupting the program. Anyway, the program is cheap, uses little computer resources, and may be performing as advertised. PC Mag [...] had rated this very highly which is how I learned of it. We have a Windows XP operating system and it works very well with that. The manufacturer was very responsive when I had some initial questions about it. And Standby turns off the USB backup drive as well to preserve its longevity. The settings also show up in the Scheduled Tasks for Windows XP and Windows Vista (unlike any of the Ghost products). I know, giving a product one star because it fails at one feature that not every user needs may seem unfair. I decided to get Quicken Deluxe 2011, which promised Money file compatibility. My Money file has no password protection, and I just don't see why Money is required to be installed for Quicken to read the file.
Threads just started unraveling from the top lid of one of the Rocket pouches. The area where the threads unravelled has no stress when packed. No problem installing, no bugs, no problem with update, no problem using the program. Some background, prior to the 20 years using software I did my taxes with manuals, pencil and calculator, so I do not need much guidance so far as the process. So if you know what you are going HR will work fine, if you are new to taxes or are using new forms TT is better. Several times when I saw a promotional deal I purchased both TaxCut and TurboTax to compare. In addition, I like the option of being able to file 5 free Federal e-files as I do taxes for other relatives who are less computer savvy. I don't like using the on-line tax programs for two reasons (1) I don't want my financial data to be on someone's web site (2) free offers include the Federal tax only. I liked the security of having a physical CD in case I need to re-install on another computer several years down the road. Downloading the software was easy, however during the install I got an error registering the software. The problem there most likely caused by low screen resolution. Screen resolution can be changed on your control panel by change PC's display settings. I did a preliminary tax return and below are my observations. This year the foreign tax credit form is some what automated, when you hit next button it takes you to the next place on the form you need to fill out (last your you were just presented the form to fill out on your own). This year, like last year, this software is only available as an online tool. The state forms are not available for download until January 16 for most states. This overstates the amount paid to the State for the 2011 tax year. This error has been reported to H&R and corrected in 1/24/12 update. Thank you to Tech Impaired to spotted it and reported to H&R! Ali Julia review	I purchased a new laptop and it came with Vista and 60 day trial of Norton Internet Security 2007. Because I am a registered user of a previous version of Norton products I received an offer directly from Symantec to buy Norton 360, 3 PC version for less than the Amazon price even with purchase of the download-for-a-year capability. - The protection is very broad and covers all the typical types of assaults. - 2 days after purchasing the software I went online to load Norton 360 on my second desktop. You can use the program from the CD, don't have to install it. But for most people, cleaning it seems daunting, and yes can be dangerous. I didn't even know anything about Windows when I got that trashed machine. But thanks to Norton, I could learn quickly, and got it up and running. There have always been complaints about NSW since Symantec took them over. GoBack in particular has saved Windows crashes so often, I've lost count. (Note: This review also shows up in the reviews for the download version. I don't have a super complicated tax situation this year: it just requires some things that a good tax program should handle easily. I'm not convinced this year either that you get value for the extra you pay for TT. ( Incidentally, note that if you have investment income you probably need to get TT Premium, so the price would be nearly double that of HRB Deluxe.) I will update this review in Jan/Feb when I've had a chance to do more with it. This does save some time, and could be sufficient to be a decider for some. In the "old" days, either Windows would corrupt your drive or, the inevitable, a drive would fail after about 3 years. Along the way, there are the updates that you don't have even if you have a disc. This takes six or seven hours but is not a problem if you do it at night. Just when things look stable, Acronis comes out with a yearly update. Being stupid and cheap, I usually upgrade to the newest version for a reduced price. Replacing a drive in your laptop may be a challenge for some but maybe, it would be quicker and more reliable. I don't use any of the features they have except for imaging (cloning), but I have to have this or something like it. This way, you can look at a few files to get some confidence that the backup is intact. So, again, after many years, I'm going to trust the devil I know. I cloned to this new drive which took only about 2 hours instead of 6 for imaging. We all know about filing taxes, this software does that well. God help you if you have a positive opinion about something, you get branded stupid, your opinion is invalid. as per Nuance instructions]  I ran a repair on windows and everything was running fine again. @!$$#@^%  product wasn't such a PITA, no one would have to contact them). Nuisance (oops, nuance) has NO fallback for those times you must do a clean install on your OS, (AND are unable to access your OS in order to UNinstall their product "Prior to" the OS reinstall). ------------------------------------------ Update 11-01-2009  Be forewarned about activation & loss of product usage. When mine stopped working, it really interrupted my work production. I work with pc hardware and do pc repairs/upgrades 40+ hours a week. PDF to word conversions do okay with text; but sort of crappy with images. ( But it seems to be this way with all pdf converter applications). Converting an existing PDF to MS Word is working fine, so far. Hey tightwads, fix your website's serial number entry form). [ I really have my doubts now; especially regarding their "nickel & dime-ing" attitude toward their end-users. But plan to run auto-format within Word, to get things cleaned up. Norton Security Premium is the next generation of Norton Security with Backup for 10 devices. I like my security software to evolve and improve more than radically change. Select the option that lets you enter a key you already have (this one). In theory this will uninstall the older product from your computer (but not remove the IOS app for iPhone/iPad devices). The controls in the GUI are simple and clear coming from Norton Security with Backup. That's annoying  Because it's a great product for home users, having to reinstall if you buy a new subscription (vs renewing) and the IOS app remains quite limited I'm giving Norton Security Premium 4 stars.
Perhaps because she won every time she played until just recently. But don't get me wrong, I love playing the game and am thrilled when someone accepts my invite to play. Each person selects a card from their hand to play then passes their hand to their neighbor. Discard it for money- an especially good idea if you are poor and its costing you and the card you discard is one your neighbor would like   Build a stage of your wonder- that small board in front of you has spaces for cards to slide under them that represent a stage of your wonder youve completed. The cost you have to pay is on the board (ignore the cost on the card- try to use one your neighbor would like.) But you can only buy from your immediate neighbors (player on either side of you.) While this strategy wasn't sound for France in World War II, it is in this game I think thats because the maker is French. My downfall is I think , Yeah but, even though this one is only worth one, if I got another it would be worth 7! Balance This game the score isn't tracked through the game, though you could get a good idea about someones score by looking over their board long enough- and be annoying to the rest of the players because it takes some doing. Downtime Downtime is nominal because everyone takes turns at the same time. I have watched it be very difficult for someone with a 6 year old try to help them play. And don't be passing a partial hand even though you know you don't want to choose those cards. One other thought Its taken me some time to decide why Im so bad at this game. No, it cant be because so many of my opponents are superior to me, it just cant! I cant see one of my neighbors hand and know, oh, they are going to get that military card. ...and all I can base my review on is my own experience with the product. Yes, I know others had issues related to what schedules they needed, whether they used the 2013 version and the balky response from Intuit. Three comments about this events: (1) My tax situation did not expose me to these issues. ( 3) Yes: had I not received the same functionality that I'd enjoyed the year before, I would have be in the chorus of 1-star reviews for this product and would and bailed for alternative tax software. However, it performed well for me, continuing to take the sting out of the onerous administration of tax returns. If you have a device that has an RJ-45 Ethernet port and you want to connect it to an A, B or G wireless network this is the best way that I have found. You can only connect to one router or access point at a time. The only gripe that I have is lack of some encryption protocols. I live in a rural area so encryption isn't too important to me. The download and installation from Amazon.com was quick and efficient. The lower price of H&R Block made the decision to go with them very easy. It had some issues with utilizing information from my last year's H&R Block return. Not a big problem, but, it did require a bit of proofreading and correcting basic information. I have done this proceedure for 15 plus years and always was able to Reconcile without problems. In the mean time I reconciled another of my accounts and I ended up on +$60 this time. Just the other day, I was attacked by a 'Trojan' virus, which AVG could not apparently get rid of (I even tried a full system scan). It seems to be working in some regards, but a full system scan took nearly 6 hours (5 hours, 50 minutes to be exact)! I am going to try Kaspersky, and hope it fares better than this. Now to this program, I am dissappointed by the decreasing quality of it. While running this program to do my 2011 taxes, I found there were several areas where H&R Block didn't provide enough information, or no information at all to help me choose the appropriate answers to complete my taxes. However, out of curiousity, I chose both to see if there was a difference, and yes there was. Some folks really seem upset at how the start menu was changed, but it took me about a day to adjust to that. Windows 8.1 vs Mac OS: In my opinion, Windows 7 pretty much gave me all the benefits of the Mac OS (I know I'll get some negative comments for that, but I truly did use both and came back to Windows when they came out with Win 7). I wanted something I could type notes into and even work on documents. This key card will help you set up a Microsoft account from which you can download and install the software. However, Outlook 2016 doesn't like my SBS2003 Exchange service. I've been a Quicken user for many years, but am really ticked off at their upgrade policies. Mint looks decent but it is now owned by Intuit and will soon become Quicken. I used Microsoft Money a long time ago and would still use it if it had not been discontinued. 11/27/2013 update: I compromised my morals and upgraded to 2013 because nothing else looked very robust. I don't consider defining a date range for a budget to be an advanced feature. This is the 14th year I've used TurboTax for our state and federal returns, and this version is as good as any Intuit has offered (some years have offered better user experiences that others). As it is, I've rated it four stars because really, the Premium is the one I should have bought for a few bucks more. The chat person (possibly out of Palo Alto) was absolutely marvelous. We stepped through the re-installation after de-install by having her do remote-PC and at several points, watching the chat for when you have to re-enter your password (encrypted) because the tech can't do that, nor should they. I give five stars to the tech support chat and no stars to the installation protocol, which should have checked for previous versions and suggested de-installation. If it isn't the same product, de-install the old product before installing this one. Windows 7 sips laptop battery power so my 1-year-old Dell XPS M1530 runs longer under Win7 than it did under Vista. When coupled with Offline Files & Folders (a features that the non-Home editions of Windows offers since XP), you can easily take your server data with you, even when you're in a disconnected state. It's painful to do because you have to fiddle with resizing the two windows. #4 TASKBAR Gone is the Quick Launch bar that too many people didn't know existed. #10 USER ACCOUNT CONTROL Most everyone hated UAC in Vista (even though it helped to keep your computer safe). #11 PAINT, WORDPAD, CALCULATOR All three of these utilities got updated. Note:  all the networked computers need to be running Windows 7 to make HomeGroup sharing work. Add a comment to my review to share your experience if you go this route. The one place that I did have some confusion (cleared up by "Your Income Tax 2006" by J.K. Lasser) was in entering qualified tuition expenses, as the program gives you two separate possibilities to enter them. Most laptops/notebooks seem to ship with Windows 7 Home Premium rather than Windows 7 Professional. Key it in pursuant to the laughably simple instructions and within minutes you will be running Windows 7 Professional. Some have criticized Microsoft for charging for the upgrade from Home Premium to Professional, but my opinion (which is only that) is that Microsoft makes its living by selling operating system software and this is one way for them to do it.
Microsoft provides users with the fastest, sleekest consumer map software with Streets and Trips. As such, I have been a fan of Streets and Trips since the 2002 version. Putting that particular debate aside, Streets and Trips 2007 does suffer from a lack of connectivity in its inability to update core grid data and point-of-interest data over the Internet. While Satellite photos do little for trip planning, Google does a nice job of locally caching large amounts of data from a remote server. The Streets and Trips development team must do the inverse of this. Most of the data should be resident on the local computer with dynamic integration from a variety of remote sources. Secondly, there is a great deal of POI (point of interest) data that could be updated continuously. Lastly, if Microsoft promoted a comprehensive ecosystem, various government and private entities could provide plug-ins for Streets and Trips. Sadly, Microsoft has lost out on so many other value-added features that are provided by Google Earth, Yahoo Maps, and the Weather Channel online. Oddly, key problems in its management of basic street data persist. For example, it can't properly interpret hyphenated street addresses in the boroughs of New York. Of course, it is impossible for a single user to error check the entire database, so I am curious what other errors exist. Like most map programs, Streets and Trips is automobile-centric. Shortcomings aside, Streets and Trips 2007 is still a very useful consumer mapping tool. After you become accustom to the application, you will find yourself using it for the most mundane trips. It is very fast and easy to use - perfect last-minute errand planning. In the larger context, however, Microsoft does need to update its Streets and Trips business model to provide users with the same features they have grown accustom to with web-based applications. I blame Microsoft for this abomination and Intuit for going with the crowd. I don't use schedules C or D so that feature removal didn't impact me. An Addendum: I've been a minister for some 30 years and have always done my taxes and have never been audited, knock on wood. You set up a user profile, configure stuff, and at last you must read some stuff to Dragon so he can determine mic volume, the quality of mic connection -- and *especially* and finally --learn your voice/speech. maybe.... read on...) ______________________  --> I did *not* allow Dragon to parse my personal documents to learn my writing style and vocab. Of course, Do not read my personal documents, you twit." ------- ______________________ As usual, Amazon delivered promptly in their usual standard of excellence. Over the years the program has become very complicated and powerful. Generally it is wise to grade every other year or when there is a OS upgrade. The customer service is just typical of that most offer - that someone telling you to reinstall because they do not know anything else! So, out of sheer desperation and being willing to toss away $19 on this download I went for it. When iBank and others want $59 or even more, forget about it. Not nearly as complete as the feature you get from M* Premium, but that costs a lot more than Quicken does, so one really can't complain -- it's a pretty nice feature you get for "free". After some further investigation, I figured out that Quicken isn't correctly submitting the full list of holdings, it's apparently leaving some out -- I noticed that some closed-end funds are missing, for instance. When I decided to purchase my own, my first stop was a Target I was in, their mats seemed fine, but I wanted to do some research first. But I stepped on, tried a few of my problematic poses and I was pleasantly surprised. Obviously I can't say this about the other colors as I have no in person view of them. Of course, no matter which direction you roll it, the top will make contact with the underside. Not including a caring case is not enough to take away a star in the review.) Every time winter rolls around we have these insanely oily streets with the occasional black ice patches. I have no desire to buy anything more expensive for my singlespeed commuter bike for now. At lower psi's (80ish) these tires start to drag despite the rolling resistance test I reviewed before buying them. 2) I thought I wouldn't get annoyed with the words "Hog" written on the caps but its turns out I do. The size on this one was too small in the crown area around the head and in the neck area. The shoulder straps them self are extremely comfortable with thick padding. The hip belt is thinner though without padding (About the same thickness as the MOLLE webbing although a wider overall strap). The bottom also has some nice compression straps to hold sleep system or tent. There are also 4 other compression straps on the pack bringing the total to 6 so you can really get your gear strapped tight for minimal movement. Another thing is that the bottom of the pack is the same material as the rest rather than a more water resistant material (the inside is PVC coated so shouldn't be an issue). What these are is a non-metal, very strong, very pointy weapon designed to stab when things go "sideways" and you don't have any other options to defend yourself.
I used this to desolder all the switches from a mechanical keyboard PCB. I ended up just melting all four pins at once with the side of the iron and pulling out the LED while the solder was fluid. I'm not sure about other people, but when I walk, or jump, or stand on my toes, it part that touches the ground is very close to the toes. They hold extremely tight, are light weight, and weather proof. They are so light weight that I can't even feel them while I am running. My wife can see me running several blocks away from home when I have them activated a night. Like I said before, these lights are a must for nighttime runs. It goes from one side of the zipper to the other at a certain point to keep water from running down into the zipper. However, I went to use this device today and it simply isn't sized correctly. I was out with a friend and I was attempting to use the 15MM to install a connector on my bike to tow a kid's trailer. I bought a wrench at their shop--a 15MM which this is supposed to be. The carbon content and lean alloy make this a shallow hardening steel with a quenched hardness between Rc 60-64 depending on exact carbon content. Some spots would be razor sharp and other spots seemed to be skimmed over quickly and rather dull. I also don't see why they don't put the sticker on the cover of the blade instead of the blade itself. It will fit in perfectly with all of your other zombie outbreak emergency gear. I had ordered this from Amazon and it arrived in a un-sealed clear plastic clamshell package. I opened the package and removed the Mace bottle and started reading the instructions. When it arrived it was still not in a sealed package and when I took a close look at it without opening it (the clamshell was hanging open in the shipping box) I noticed the bottle had been leaking inside the packaging. What I received was the same exact clamshell package unsealed but in a sealed plastic bag. I inspected the contents and found that unlike the 2 bottles of mace that I received from Amazon, this bottle had a clean nozzle and no sign of leakage inside the package. It mounts but it is very loose and I feel like any tighter and I will break the mount. Some sadly kind of stuff that didn't quite meet my probably weird expectations. I didn't even want to fully tighten it as I was afraid any tighter and it was going to strip out the threads. Whether it would or not I don't know but I wasn't going to tighten it anymore than it comfortably wanted to go. Any pressure whatsoever though will flex it about 35 degrees laterally. You can't use this as a defense tool or to brace against a surface. Since I bought a crossbow pistol some time ago assembly this crossbow rifle was easy, but I will list things you should know after my general comment. It is very accurate at 10 yards and will sink darts into targets at 20 yards. Tightening everything before attaching the bow subassembly and scope makes the tightening process much easier. A screwdriver and a small adjustable wrench are required for all nuts and bolts. Remove the silver screw on the rail which held the old rear sight. Then remove the long bolt sticking up from it which is left over from the original sight. One adjustment knob must point up and the other must face right. I find it easiest to place the stock against my waist when cocking. Wrap your other hand around your trigger hand as if you were shooting a pistol. If your archery target is soft or worn you may need to add two or tree layers of cardboard to keep the dart from sinking all the way in it. Normal bath towels scrub and rub and buff you completely dry. In both cases it feels like your skin air dries a moment after the towel is removed. Only had this bicycle lamp for tens days now, but have tested it out as extensively as weather has permitted and am quite pleased. NiteFighter has actually come up with a NW single emitter specifically lamp designed to complement the BT40S, might be a worthwhile addition for anyone who actually installs the diffuser and/or rides real technical track. Doesn't look like the manufacturer cut any corners here, and the results speak for themselves. One criticism: Low mode, at 30% power, still seems kinda high to me. Cons: 1) material is the same basic material that most tents are made out of. 3) getting it back in the back (without getting everything all dirty, dratted light colors) was difficult 4) It barely fit in the campsite though (but that is my problem). Just slightly punch each side back and forth and it does go back further than just pushing it together with 2 hands. ( I own 30 units of this and use it during my physical education classes. I once accidentally threw a unit into the washing machine for a hour's wash followed by 90 minutes spin in the dryer. It lasts up to 8 hours on a single charge and takes about 45 minutes to an hour for a full charge. The padding is not noticeable at all when you clamp the bipod on the barrel and the barrel does not touch any part of the metal on the bipod. When you clamp the bipod on your barrel you turn the horizontal wheel which tightens the bipod on the barrel. On the end of the legs there are rubber feet which are durable. You pull up on the pins and can easily fold up the bipod legs. The bipod feels well made and is all metal (other than feet). I expected an adjustment period or breaking in period but it felt comfortable the first time I put it on. The only problem I have come across is MapMyRun+ won't give me my heart rate with voice feedback during the run. As far as putting this together, I don't know what tweedle dee tweedle dum were trying to accomplish. Trying to understand the directions is like doing Chinese algebra... Nah the algebra is a lot easier. The huge knots didn't help........ I am not talking about the ones in the net, I mean the ones in my hands as I was jamming the knife and screwdriver and any other item I could use for support lol.. It was kinda fun but we got it and believe it or not I definitely recommend it.
This review is for the BlackWidow Tournament Edition Stealth Keyboard. It has a nice heft towards the top due to the wedge shape which makes it feel sturdy. Razer has two types of switches: Razer greens and Razer oranges. The changes over time are not major, but I am hoping it retains the characteristics I enjoy of each keystroke over time. I ended up ordering the BlackWidow ultimate stealth because I really prefer to have something with back-lighting. And even though I order the tournament edition because I wanted to save on desk space, I didn't realize how much I would miss the number pad (I do 10 key typing quite often throughout the week). My hubby has fixed problem several times & it keeps coming back. We have holes in our yard from Great Pyrenees dogs & the girls love to ride in & out of the giant holes. This is the right product for our family but my husband does have to tighten & tweek the power switch for it to keep going. we have 2 girls that rode it daily until it had to be pushed for 2 months before any issues began. I have carried a lot of cheap knives while I was in the Marines. Mostly because they were tools and I didn't mind throwing them away if I broke them. ( Blade is responsive and snaps into place quickly and holds securely. Good teeth on the serrated edge and I really like the shape of the blade not too fat or skinny. I lost 12 pounds, 3 inches from my waist, 3 inches from my chest and 2 inches from my hips. Even if I did, you can see that replacement parts are quite cheap. I've included some photos of the Pro Auto Disk on a turret for 9mm. The machines at work would barely chill water due to constant use. I found we had ice machines on a couple of floors in the tower, but it was too big of a pain for individual glasses. I have left it overnight with just ice and have hardly any melt. One other thought is that I expected the tank top to be tagless, but there is one of those horizontal tags on the inside. But it might have been pulling on that while taking the shirt off that caused it to rip. All of the nuts, washers, etc required to attach the wheel to the bike and secure the brake arm are included. Since no instructions were included, I had to look at my old wheel to determine which way the cog went on, but it wasn't that difficult to install. I'll never shoot lighter than .32g airsoft after years of trial and error. The reflector is a metal painted white with a smooth semi gloss/matte finish. What that means is the actual valve does not have the 2 adjusters, one on each side, one to control the hot overall inflow, and the other to control the cold overall inflow. The old Moen shower setup I was replacing had two adjustments, one that you pull away from the wall, and the other you turn in a clockwise direction for example to adjust the temperature setting. These new ones do not have that flow/pull it away from the wall option. They only adjust by spinning them around clockwise, which turns it on at a full flow, and adjusts temp considering where you leave the dial. The exact dimensions as well as other info are all available in PDF format at Moen. The shower room is a separate room so to speak, and think when I do the bathroom, I am going to be looking for a combo brushed nickel and chrome set for the faucets which will tie it all together. I just got the Oxo Steel Garlic Press, Stainless which has that same combination which is gorgeous. One more installation tip: Ignore the sticker on the valve section warning you to take it easy when soldering it in because you can damage the plastic and rubber valve components; instead, remove them altogether. The secret to removing it is to use the included plastic removing tool. I love the consumer reports number one rated shower head mentioned above. The Chateau is nice for anti-scalding, but you won't notice much of a difference over what you already had, when you add the shower head, you are on a different planet. However, after having set this one off, I see how they work now. There is a yellow sponge (similar to a kitchen sponge, actually) in the base. So they ARE semi-reusable, if you care to spend the time to take it apart a bit. The reason I gave it three stars is due the the adjustable measurement point. But more often than not you will have to reset it between uses. It not very profitable if you're at a job site and you have to stop and take time to make sure it is set correct every time you need to use it. This is a very nice high quality leather belt for the Ken Onion Work Sharp. Also, you may need to adjust the belt tracking on the Work Sharp to get this belt to track straight. Common sense should tell you that the knife edge will bite and cut into the leather, potentially flinging the knife who knows where. I have no affiliation with the makers of this leather belt nor the link posted above. You'll be a lot happier if you don't buy this piece of garbage. This item costs $1 on orders of 1000 on AliExpress, individually they're $2. We purchased these to install when our little one was starting to crawl. His fascination with everything dangerous made us act quickly and these made it so easy. He has not even tried to figure these out, even though he looks at and touches outlets often. We have actually gotten compliments many times because of them. The adapter was probably done in this manner because the thickness of solid surface tops was not considered in the initial design and for the need to keep the 3/8" overall shaft size. I've installed the fiber optic switch and it works as described. The controller box is installed in the sink cabinet, plugged into an outlet and the garbage disposal plugs into the controller box. As most garbage disposals are hard-wired you will most likely have to install an outlet box. The automatic Daylights Savings time adjustment is a great feature and it's accurate unlike the one that came with the Intermatic which was off by two weeks. It is also adjustable if you want your timer to come on a little later or earlier than the DST programmed into the unit. Much easier to install than the old Intermatics as they are  a bit shallower and yet, they are flush mount. I wanted a motion-detecting light switch that also had a nightlight. The Cooper implementation keeps the lights on until all of the sensors have timed out. That's a pain if you want to fine tune the timeouts after installation.
I spent the weekend reading about navigation, instrumentation and learning how to use my Saitek X52 Pro system. I alternate between manual (the 712 pages long) quickly and without bugs or crashes. Cleaned it up with some Murphy's Oil and was all excited about it. It included the original door knob and recessed door knob backplate. I even asked an older contractor, who gave me what sounded like the best advice, "Just use the backset that is in the door with a new knob and lock." I didn't worry about drilling new mounting holes and all that. One mounting screw was plenty to hold the ballast in place while I worked. You'll find yourself cutting the supplied wiring as there is DEFINITELY plenty to work with. I figured I was going to have to replace some of my old bulbs as they were getting pretty dim. As an earlier reviewer notes, there are no included brackets to mount it with, you have to fashion your own. It is also disappointing that neither the dust hood nor the included adapter fits my standard 2 1/2" shop vac hose, even though they are almost the same size. On the whole, this is a good table for the price, but there is considerable room for improvement. If you already own a decent router plate and won't need to use the included one, consider this a 4 1/2 star review; but if you are planning on using the one that comes with the table, cross your fingers you get one better than mine. After looking at countless rechargeable battery options I settled on the Panasonic eneloop AA batteries with individual cell charger. I wanted more recharge cycles and the battery charger, plus when I bought these they were on sale. Since the controller only takes two batteries I put the other two in my Maglite Mini Flashlight. I like that the batteries retain their power over a longer period of time and that they can be used effectively down to -4 degrees F.  This is great for my flashlight as I keep it in my vehicle for emergencies. Discussing masking tape is a little bit like talking politics or religion. OK, 99% of the time it works - nothing is completely idiot proof.) Because I am NOT a patient worker, I also need a tape that would not pull up freshly painted layers. Physical: The build quality and design actually seem pretty decent, and seems fairly durable, although time will tell. Operation: There are two dials, one for the 2 heat settings and fan-only mode, and the other which is a thermostat. It also has a a caution light that comes on when it overheats maybe? I have read that another consumer has had problems with it catching and snagging on his metal loop. That proves the hammer does what it says it can do, at least to me. I do wish the claw was a little flatter, but it does pry shots from the deck pretty easily, when prying sideways. I got mine in a 'lightning deal' for $340, and i cannot believe at how well it works. Fortunately, the machine itself is easy to carry, making it easy to bring to your work. Remember, this is a machine meant for hours of use per week, not per day. I highly recommend you use the one they included, even if you already have a filter/dryer, because it also has a regulator built in, which is a great feature. They give a couple pictures and tips for assembly, but nothing in terms of how to use it. I know they came down in price, but it still seems like a real bargain. Even doing thinner materials, it will cut much faster if you can use it to capacity. It doesn't function as smoothly as your wall switch dimmer, particularly in the low light range. Still the LED's look like the energy saving answer and the light quality answer all in one. But, who's to know if a different technology will come along in 10 years and we all (at great expense) convert once again. Now 7 months later it started making a noticeable buzzing noise. Ashley graciously offered to send out a replacement timer, she was quite curtious and renewed my hy confidence in what a CSR is supposed to be. Thanks Leviton (and in particular.....thank you Ashley F.) this is what customer satisfaction is supposed to be! Will get the electrician to install an outlet next to the toilet. The 7W Lighting Ever bulb performed best by far in our downward-facing, open fixture. There were only a couple of things which I didn't think were really good enough in this system. One thing to mention about the light bulbs... the instructions say not to use LED bulbs for fear it might interfere with the radio signal for the remote controls. In the end, this unit has far more features than I was expecting and its perfect for my situation. The MB360 has a motion sensor that is much more powerful than the one on this light. I tried to mount it to the house, where it was protected by the eaves but still have exposure to sunlight. Maybe someone wants to comment on where you mounted yours and can it take heavy rain exposure? The only possible reason to buy this light is that it is solar. The center beam is blindingly bright, surrounded by a much larger halo of light. The LEDs in the handle are very very bright as well, will be perfect around a campsite and in the tent. ***** I think a straight black sink would a little funny with granite like that. While they are great, as evidenced by my buying 3 times, they do have their drawbacks and I will try to prepare you if you are interested in buying them. The light is sealed and supposedly will last many thousands of hours so I am looking forward to longevity. I found the prongs which perforate the existing wire to be pretty cheap also and they bent down all the way a few times, which required rebending. I just bought some Malibu 8101- 4802 low-voltage wire connectors which come 2 to a pack and they are highly rated. The styling reference is entirely subjective so I leave that to you. Their design is really good, along with very simple installation design. I tried to blow air through this housing and could barely get enough air through it to amount to a small fa*t. Perhaps according to some Federal standard for water conservation. In order to make this "Tarpaulin" work,  I had to purchase two separate orders of replacement grommets, the tools needed to install them, and the time to do it. So, unless you simply need a piece of canvas or don't mind spending additional money, time, and effort to get this tarp into the condition that it was advertised to be in originally............you may want to look elsewhere. My shutoff valve box has a nipple for doing this, but it's something other than the typical compressor quick connect type fitting. Note that if you don't have a faucet on the sprinkler side, you can get parts at a hardware store to fit this adapter onto one of the sprinkler feeders itself, but you will need a way to force that valve open all the time during blow-out. One by one, go through and open each sprinkler zone valve and let it run until it's just blowing air 6. My 1 gallon craftsman compressor has a hard time keeping the line at 20psi while doing this. Be careful to stop and let the compressor cool off every few minutes.
I have been sort of disappointed with the crop of shooters this year. And when I say 'difficulty' I mean that stealth, cover and attention to detail played a huge role and foul-ups were immediately and brutally punished. Upon entering the first Situation (single player training missions) movement is a little slower and a touch less fluid than the likes of CoD, Battlefield or Halo. Weapon aiming is slightly jerky and it can be difficult to line up a perfectly accurate shot. It is much closer to how weapons and their users would actually behave. The only time it shows up is when a match is well and truly broken and both teams have a hard time moving more than two feet at a time. But these are all minor problems that can be fixed via patches, updates and DLC. It has 4 clips that lock tight around the case and it is easy to carry around with you, if you need to. All I did was open the fixtures remove the fluorescent ballast. I am an electrician this job was probably easy for me the most. They have a ton of steps in diameter, fins with longitudinal scallops, and holes drilled parallel to the body on one flange. Now all these cuts do make the light look a bit like a transformer. If the chip has a time out for mode memory I haven't noticed it. I have some 14500s ordered to see how much the 3.7 volts burps up the power. Markings:  Half inch tape with english top and metric bottom. The case is embossed 2.5" but where exactly do you read the tape? I use 3 lingerie laundry bags filled with 15-20 nylon scrubbies (6 for $1 at the Dollar Store). I didn't time it, but just took minutes after I unpacked it all. The biggest PRO of course is that it really works for personal hygiene and health. CONS:  My biggest issue was where to place the spray head holster. I would have also liked the ability to attach to the side of my sink vanity or the wall. My bathroom is very small so the long hose was hanging down and getting caught on the wastebasket. Few years ago, this knife initially came with nonadjustable rivet in the pivot area, although it did not affect its usage. Despite its light weight, it is built rock solid and feels great in my hands. Spyderco's ball bearing lock feels more deliberate, requiring more force to operate. I only let my son use it with supervision and I make sure I handle all the battery charging duties. I haven't turned it to full speed yet and don't really care to. What I sought most in this purchase was an RC vehicle we could take to the Oakland Hills and run around in the woods and on the trails. Took my son and I both about 30 seconds to get the hang of it. This expansion seems goofy, but it adds quite a bit of depth overall to the game. This review is from playing it on the US version of the game. Suddenly people started hoarding them up a bit, as either insurance or to move them on purpose. Interestingly enough, both rifles are molded as half of an engine block to each other that at first you could think you might be able to combine them into 1 full engine block, but sadly is not possible and i feel this is a miss opportunity. It also comes with a collectors card and as usual the issues still persist in this one, it comes with a nice artwork base on the mobile and thick like a credit card, sadly the back has the autobot logo with no stats or bio as usual. There is a way to make Ultra Prime look decent, just like i did with Menasor leave the legs in his regular position flip it around from the hip move it 1 click back and compress Ultra Prime's body (using his transformation to vehicle mode) as a way to feel any gap just to try to make the torso look decent at least. I can combine all the limbs on Ultra Prime and move them around and they will remain secure. You could play with them for years I'm sure and still have them looking brand new. This extra board game sense I have aquired over the years could not be any more wrong. Then came the normal mental battles of anybody who has played a good worker placement game. Frustration of being blocked out of spaces, decisions of what is more important getting the card that gives me a scroll each round or army to get cards with more points or geez I could use some more coin... Players strategically placing their numbered meeples to block others from using certain actions was cutthroat, but no less than we have played in games like Stone Age. I also thought the army mechanic rules were going to be tough to follow, but an explanation that worked well was: You can't retire an army that is off fighting for you and they are too tired to fight again if they already battled something this round. Cards are delightful to look at and easy to understand the icons. Usually our run time limit for a game is 90minutes, each 4 player game we played took a little over an hour...perfect. The order in which things happen each round is simple to follow and there isn't an overwhelming amount of choices, but just enough. Another player picked it up asking whose coin it was and realized right away after she did it that it was the round marker. However, it easily fits in our playroom as well as a bedroom. It's well designed and holds together perfectly just like all the Lego sets I've ever owned. As I said it was fun to build and this is one of the things I love the most about Legos. Two of the vehicles combine into one and is the biggest draw of this set. THERE IS NO WAY I WOULD PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS MAKER AGAIN!!! I bought it while I was pregnant with our third baby who would be Cloth diapers from birth. We use it every day and will continue to use it until our youngest is potty trained. Don't buy this if you don't know how to repair anything because you will have to change prop guards props and snap the case back together after crashes. I am going to add some better antennas to get rid of these dropouts. This is not something you can fly without crashing unless you are already a expert. I am thinking of ordering the camera for the x8c so I can use a memory card when flying high and in areas with interference. From what I see (even on their website), it looks like you have to cough up at least $60 to get good variety of the pieces. Here were the contents of my box: 1 - Ghost army deck 2 - Bear Cavalry deck 3 - Plants deck 4 - Steam Punks deck -Score-keeping tokens (5s and 1s) -New bases plus original bases printed with larger font (NOT the bigger cards like I was thinking...)  The new armies/factions are great for the game and provide quite a bit of intrigue.
-The production and build quality including dialogue are great. The Cons: -Terrible control (like all rockstar games) -Getting caught on random plants, trees, rocks. -I am a huge fan of 100% games in acheivments and i can already tell its not ganna be possible. - And i realise all these reasons are small, but rockstar puts out alot of games that take weeks to beat, so these issue repeated for awhile get 1000x more fusterating over time. The glitches will momentarily be fix when restarting the app but will 100% come back after 20+ minutes of gameplay. Most of the 3.75 figures made by Hasbro over the years seemed to have some design flaw, that made me either pass by buying the figure. When I saw this figure from Revoltech I knew this figure would deliver in this department and it definitely does. are made of a softer plastic which ensures they don't inhibit the articulation or posing. The belt piece is removable if you take him apart at the waist. In addition, this figure stand is missing the most key component: the base of the stand itself, I don't understand why this wasn't included. To be fair, this comes with the territory, when it comes to Revoltech figures in general. In certain poses it looks like, parts of Bobba's shoulders are missing due to the Revoltech joints and design. It is sometimes  time consuming but once you have it adjusted right the pose is solid and locked in. I am so happy that I was able to pick up a Bobba Fett figure that captures the awesomeness of this character so well. I will say, not very professional of Fisher Price to let this go on for so long and shrug it off by saying the blue paint is non-toxic. Yes this can get confusing and does make the play more interesting. Island victory card: This is an action + victory card that has a mat with it. I found this handy and was using it to get victory cards out of my deck but the random and unpredictable manner in which you put them down doesn't always make this possible. Over all I liked the expansion and would recommend it to others. Note they are a little smaller than many play figurines (roughly 2.5 to 3.5 inches tall). my two daughters who are barely 4 and just turned 6 really enjoyed it. You move the characters from room to room trying to land on a white or yellow space if you land on white you get to look under that character. There are not that many games that hold attention as well as this one. Considering its feather weight it moved around with good control. I have several coaxial toy helicopters and as reported, is quite different other than the basics. You need to forget how easy the coaxial helicopters are to fly and resolve to deal with a new learning curve if you are to enjoy this little humming bird. This is completely different from any coaxial capability and of course very rewarding and addictive. Had I rated the mSR on my first experience it would be one or at best two stars. The simple MLP4DSM control is an excellent value and can be used on their other Bind N Fly helicopters. The fit and form of the mSR isn't impressive because it is all business and ignores the coaxial bling race. The overriding aspect is that every part for the mSR can be purchased, even the screws. What started out as a disappointment has turned into an addiction. Among other things, we got her Princess Peppa the Pig for her birthday. DC Comics Multiverse creates another collection for hardcore DC fans. Nothing is more hardcore for DC fans than Frank Miller's epic Dark Knight Returns series. The DC Comics Elseworlds story of a Batman returning from a forced retirement to take on crime in his city. Flash forward to present day, and we now have the Kre-O Micro-Changers, which, even though not perfect (you are left with some extra parts when you go from Robot to Vehicle mode and vice versa), is definitely an improvement over the initial offerings. If you are familiar with the character, you know that there are actually six Constructicons that combine to form Devastator, so your set is missing Long Haul and Hook (I was lucky enough to find an individual Hook). Each mini figure is in a separate bag, so when you initially put them together, you don't have to go searching for which piece goes with what mini figure. I can totally understand the need for a higher age bracket for some of the other sets, which have thousands of pieces, but for a 76 piece set, I'm figuring a 4 year old, with some help from mom & dad (or an uncle who likes spoiling them) would have a field day with him. I was very excited to get her, because I wanted to collect all four of the dolls. She has freckles under her eyes and you can change her eye position if you take her face off. Her arms and legs are made out of iron thread, which makes her bendable. Over all, I think this is a great doll and I really like her. No skeletal frame and fewer stickers than RG kits but with more pieces and runners than an average HG kit. SO right now this is my favorite HG of all (that I have assembled). Mobility: 3 out of 5 (4 out of 5 compared to other HG models). This ensures that every player has the chance to complete a large cross-continent route, which was often the winning strategy of the America board - but only if you happened to of had a long route dealt to you at the start. This is really useful in crowded areas of the board where you are unable to build a route. We searched everywhere for a brown eyed Hispanic looking doll and we finally found a pretty one! She was a little smaller than I would have liked but was super adorable with her blinking eyes and pretty face! I wish I didn't spend $30 dollars for this awful smelling doll! To many of you, all I can say is:"RTFD", or, Read the Freaking Description, to put it politely. It doesn't say no duplicates, it doesn't advertise a mix of colors or that any of the cards will be useful to you. There is no obligation, but any reputable business wants its customers to be satisfied. So, I will be contacting the seller to see what he will do to make that right. I purchased this starter kit for my 8 year old daughter as a Christmas gift, since it was on her wish list. I will add that my daughter is a bit of a do it yourself-er and she insisted on creating things on her own (outside of the templates) and she became frustrated when the things she created freehand did not set or hold once sprayed with water and allowed to dry. Unfortunately the wait for things to dry is pretty long, especially when multiple sprays are needed. She is now 6 years old, and she continues to go back to this toy over and over again. My daughter's bedroom is wallpapered, and she likes to stick her designs onto her walls. Their stickiness does not seem to wear off as long as you smoosh them around a bit. The insane amount of levels you could get(not only your character but items as well!) In terms of characters though i would rank it after Disgaea 1 but better than 2's. I personally cant wait till Disgaea 4 hits to see what insane new additions will be added.
First things first, I never played Titanfall 1 in any capacity. You do not need to have played the first game to understand this sequel. The combination of game play as a pilot and as a huge mech is wonderfully balanced. You won't find yourself upset that there is another Mech sequence or upset that you are playing this section as the pilot. The level design is excellent and not your typical call of duty type shooter segments. You get to enjoy the movement in this game as you run and jump from wall to wall and it feels very platform in certain segments which is a good thing. The playstation was built on great platforming games after all. It feels smooth and responsive and just a pleasure to shoot through the enemies in this game. I don't expect any awards for story telling here but it is very enjoyable start to finish. I told myself I would not spend hours and hours playing multiplayer games, but instead just play story modes or campaign modes and move onto new game once completed. With that being said, I could not help but spend some hours with the multiplayer modes. See they don't show you any pictures of that because it's a bit weird. If you do it too short it'll cycle it back on and if you hold it too long it'll still cycle back on. The rapid fire part isn't as fast as my other rapid fire controller I bought from someone else. Please consider all the most recent reviews on this product before buying, based on its performance I just know I'll never buy from this seller again. Cut scenes in games usually are a let down; here, they excell. The main drawing point to this game is the numerous paths that you can take. If you are a hardcore adventure gamer and don't have this one, you should be ashamed. Not as big of a deal to most people as 4K adoption is not huge yet, and it's only really for video/Blu-ray (games are upscaled) [+] The side USB port has been moved from the left side to the front, which is great for space saving (if another device is to the left) and less damaging if someone trips over the USB cable. [ As always, glossy finishes look great on day one but do NOT age well (easily scuffed and scratched). [ I'm not a fan of cluttering up my area with external USB hard drives, so the extra internal space of the 2TB version was a huge selling point to upgrade. Cons vs. Original Xbox One: [-] As of launch, only available in white. For bonus entertainment, check out my attached comparison pictures of 15 years worth of Xbox hardware generations. If nothing else, it at least leaves the Xbox One no longer as a beastly, oversized, whalephant, VCR, gargantuan, monolithic mass of plastic as its prior version was. I've been using this headset for a few weeks now and I love it! The white and blue goes nice together with the nice blue lights. Controls: For PS4, the game fully utilizes all buttons on the gamepad. The left stick moves you and the right stick has you doing a slow dodge. The maps are well put together, but unlike the previous entry, the maps have randomized elements, but aren't truly randomized. Sadly, you do not have a choice in this and have to play each class as Blizzard wants. Once in game, everything looks nice, with great particle effects and lighting (though I feel like almost everything looks rounded). The final act didn't leave me breathless, but it was more of a shrug and accepted that everything just happened. It's Diablo, bad things happen because of powerful evil beings. There is matchmaking for those who want to play with others but have no friends or have no friends available. Sound: Satisfying death throes and enemy war cries echo around you. Those who prefer PvP will find less love, and griefers will want to find another game entirely. They added a new mechanic called DNA which lets other online players know what type of driver you whether cool, neutral or a hot headed type. Its a cool mechanic but this game is definitely no long online. It wouldve been better to have them unlock until you get into a certain area. These games are like the originals and my family and friends really enjoyed playing them. Several of them had "customized" sections where you can add things and change game play. Finally, what caused me to rate this game a "4" is yet ANOTHER version of ....Connect 4!!!!!! Many children have been brought up to never have learned "quiet time." The have no wish ot concentrate on ANYTHING more than 10 minutes. Despite that one big difference, The Legend Of Zelda: Twilight Princess marks the near end of the Gamecube era, but it remains one must buy for die hard Zelda fans that is worth the effort. Installation was pretty straight forward and took 10 or so minutes to finish. I accepted and closed RFG while it was downloading and installing the update. Gameplay is pretty straight forward and if you've played any GTA titles you will feel right at home. The one major complaint I have about the game is there should be more walkers lying around to hijack. They are a blast to use during assaults since you can flip cars like nothing and watch them start chain reaction explosions that send enemies and debris flying all over the place. The creation screen will place the default ingredients (two for each type of patapon.) but you can replace these with higher quality items you've found to make more powerful Rarepons. You'll also get better equipment to outfit your armies in while on your missions. That's all well and good if you don't have a full regiment of warrior Patepons. If you do though, it will simply tell you that you can't make any more of that type. Now there are bosses that will eat your Patapons rendering them irrevivable, but trying to strategically get a boss to eat the right Patapon and ONLY the right Patapons would be an exercise in catastrophe, and a large chunk of wasted time. I had to skim through a walkthrough on the internet to find out how to delete unwanted Patapons so I could create better ones. Then you have to press Triangle over the correct regiment, highlight the patapon you don't want. You better hope that they fall back or you kill them all quick otherwise you can just wave goodbye. It's a "song" that you have to mimic or play along with and it's the same song with the same beat and you just do the same thing every time.
My favorite mouse of all time was the Logitech Wingman PS-2 gaming mouse. Ergonomics are only enhanced by the multiple enclosures which have a very pleasing texture and non-slip grip. Weight - As with many prior mice, you can fine tune the weight and there is a good selection of weights. Cord - Nice, long, thin, braided fabric-wrapped cord does not interefere with mouse tracking. Tracking - smooth and precise, as you would expect from any modern mouse. If I were designing my perfect mouse, that feature would be there. The front thumb button is difficult to reach without a claw grip. I like the design of the Microsoft thumb buttons on their gaming mice better - with a vertical rather than horizintal orientation. While the joystick placement may seem a bit off at first, I've grown quite accustomed to them and actually like the design. I've grown absolutely frustrated with analog triggers due to their uselessness outside of racing games. Nintendo doesn't include them, and it makes the controller that much better - The triggers here do what I want, which is a quick, simple command engagement. I wish other companies would do this, or at least make it an option when purchasing additional controllers. But I have become disappointed with many other fighting game franchises that I once loved (Street Fighter comes to mind). What got my interest here was the slick arcade style control that I saw on the youtube videos. Story mode is a lot slower and pans out like a partially animated manga. Luckily you can go to practice or trial mode to work on them. You also have rolls with the R1 button (standard button configure). Much is typical J Rock or J Pop, but there are some nice jazzy and bluesy tunes as well. If I were to give it a rating on a hundred point scale, I would say 93/100. Gone are the hand and wrist cramps I used to get from extended usage. No jacks, buttons, or other features are obscured by the grips. I prefer this and find that action games control much better this way. The triggers are responsive and fast; I've see no difference in performance using them. They won't protect the front and back screens, but they do protect the outer edges of the unit. Bottom line is, for just $11, no Vita user should be without these. There are an impressive 155 exercises on here & I just received this game so obviously I haven't done all of them yet. At first, when I played Jak II I thought they were just going to be a cutesy rip off of GTA, but the story slowly sucked you in, the characters were sympathetic and the city was unique (if a bit hard to get around)  Jak II was gritty enough that I, as a thirty something, could enjoy it. You need to gather evidence by finding objects in various locations in the town. Once the puzzle is complete, you are given new information about the case which begins a new chapter with more items to find and a puzzle at the end and so on. For added challenge, sometimes descriptions were not what they seemed. The music was rather pleasant, but also repetitive and could get stuck in your head. The search areas and puzzles were independent of the storyline. The re-playability of the game is low, in my opinion, because I got so sick of seeing the same places and looking for the same things. Technically, there weren't necessarily any real upgrades from Far Cry 3 as far as gameplay and such goes, although the graphics were definitely even more amazing. So, speaking of gameplay....it was as engaging and fun as ever. Really, I could run and drive around Kyrat all day every day and never be disappointed. After I fought off the eagle, looked over and gazed upon the smoking ruins that was several vehicles and a bunch of once living people, with a rhino sauntering off looking pleased with itself, I thought "You know, this is what Far Cry is all about right here". Although, pleasurable as it might be, it was far from perfect! Although more "Episodes" will be arriving soon in the form of downloadable content(More on this later)  Another thing I dislike about the game, is that many of the "Action" segments take place in the woods. However, some companies like Rockstar actually provide QUALITY DLC items! A example; On my last American patrol, in May 1942 I was attacked 5-6 times daily from northwest of Midway all the way to Japan! It's exasperating to get attacked by planes every 2-3 hours gametime especially when you're over 1000 miles from the nearest enemy base. I had to ask many questions on the Silent Hunter 4 forums (Thanks folks!) It's a great game when you're not crash diving out from under the endless air attacks. I can't count the number of times i went into a completely open room, which is a trap where your random encounter probablility skyrockets. the Emperor of Palamecia has summoned Monsters from the bowels of Hell, using dark magic. You find this out during the Soul Of rebirth sidequest, whn you get to play as all of the fallen characters. The release of Modern Warfare was highly anticipated, and I pre-ordered my copy months ago. Accessories:  This is what makes the package such a bargain, while it still lacks an HDMI cable, it makes up for with a nice list of other stuff. If you don't own a 360, even if you don't play shooters or MW2 for that matter, this may still be your best package deal. The bottom button started sticking almost immediately after I started using it (like within a week of light use). Ubisoft did a great job recreating this time and place and bringing it to life. There are times, most noticeably when flying across the rooftops and scaling walls (one of the most fun aspects of this game, by the way), when the character would do something I didn't want him to do. This is a fairly old game, but it holds up beautifully even today. In between fixing equipment that's getting a bit worn-out and racing against time to train enough doctors in whatever specialties you want them to have, you also have to research new advances. Bloaty Head patients need to have a sharp pin jabbed in their heads to shrink them down. Send them to the research room so they can be fed to a machine to analyze them better (and hope nobody official finds out about it). The mechanics of the game are not that hard to master, and the graphics hold up surprisingly well even in our modern day. But here, even "normal" mode in single-player is exceptionally hard.
Since its release, early adopters of the PlayStation Move have been looking for new experiences tailored to mature and core audiences. After undertaking a laborious calibration process (which happens before every single fight), Trejo will take you step-by-step through all of the basics you will need to learn in order to handle yourself in a fight. These include moving your fighter, ducking and weaving, blocking and throwing punches. These are all fairly self-explanatory, aside from the need to press buttons for certain actions that really shouldn't need buttons. This can feel extremely unnatural and it'll take some time to get used to pressing it before you think about throwing your hands up. It also doesn't help that even when your punches do connect, they are weak and ineffectual. I need to return it as it is defective but I'll review what was right and wrong. I am not a pro but a good hunt and pecker and it types great. The not so good:  The keys that have two characters on them, like the number row, only the top character is well lit. It took some deep researching with a really awful online tutorial to figure out how to reprogram the Windows Key to work and be activated. This was later corrected in their online FAQ section and is now correct. The caps lock and scroll lock lights above the number pad go on together when EITHER associated key is pressed. I'm going to choose a different keyboard as it's replacement. Just to give anyone out there more info, I'll explain all the different controllers that I tested with this device. I was reading alot of reviews here at Amazon about this game to see what other people think because I was like every body else with lots of expectation. You can find races that are extremely easy while others in the "special" modes are literally impossible to get gold with the "given" vehicle. One more thing that really annoying me is when you log in into GT mode at main menu. " Each race only earns 10 or 20 thousand dollar so don't be intimidated by the 100+ thousand dollar price tag. Why I can't just pay for any color I want instead of using the selected ones? You can see the holes and tears Batman's suit acquires as he progresses through the levels; you can see minute details in the floors and walls and plants. You get all the Bat gadgets, plus some cameos from the vehicles. You get to use the Detective Mode to find clues and weaknesses. "Batman: Arkham Asylum" is perhaps the most beautiful game I've had the luxury to play; granted, until my PS3 purchase a couple weeks ago, I haven't owned a gaming system since Super NES, but I think you get the point: This is a must-have game. I didn't have any problem with the hammer glitch after that, I guess because I followed a certain order to the game. The extra ending in this "Collectors Edition" made up for all the trouble. Plus the deluxe strategy guide that comes with the collectors edition is very helpful. Just thought I'd mention that for those that hate puzzle solving. You have to rely on the expanding free roam environment and hacking into traffic systems to get away. The hacking puzzles are top notch, and makes the hacking theme seem more realistic. You can definitely tell this is a game on a next gen console. - Brand new types of objects, such as Cars, Kids Toys, and other things. - You no longer can tell what level you are in a social relationship, anymore. Although the expansion packs on the PC have somewhat fixed this with the introduction of new jobs, those aren't available for the consoles (though they should've been). It'll just take longer to get promoted than it would if you were trying. Epic Fail seems to be the only way you can not do well in any full-time job. That's kinda why, even with all the perks, I don't like this game as much as Sims 2, as Sims 2 was more challenging, which made it more fun. However, this is just my personal taste..there's plenty to love, which I will talk about first, followed by why the game just didn't make my grade. As the game plays on, and you rank up you unlock various face skins that give you different looks...sometimes hair, sometimes beards...sometime just a lot of grime. The area you start out is going to look similar to end game areas. Basically, I played through it, but I certainly didn't enjoy it. The new camera is really nice and way smaller than I expected. The Scavenger game made me just to TINY bit motion sick when I started moving around a lot. I think it will be a good idea for me personally to take dramamine if I know I'll be playing something where I'll be moving a lot. Still, really really cool stuff and I can't wait to play more. I like that it's more a match to the forthcoming Xbox One, and I like the less intrusive appearance from the front, since the power button and lights are a fraction of the size of previous version's power buttons. There is no more indication of any controller connected whatsoever. The drive also makes considerably less noise when reading discs than the slim or previous versions did. UI is smooth, I didn't see any difference here between this and any of the previous Xbox versions I have. If you are looking to replace an existing older Xbox 360 for whatever reason like I was, it's a great choice.
OK, why does Amazon let all the trolls who don't even have the game spam there uninformed opinion here. With that stated, DO NOT waste your time reading the 1 stars. UPDATE 17 May, Played now for about 9 hours total=big let down. Not worth $60 so wait until the rush is over and it might be worth buying at $20. Rain and lightning is really nice in it the sound is a little lacking. Will be having my friend come over with his Racing wheel to see if it does or doesn't support it seeing a lot of reviews on here about it not. GT3 had already been delayed around 4 times so would you want to wait any longer? In rally modes, dust from the other car billows off the road, coming from all four tires. Set aside some time for this game because it will take some time to beat. But cars from, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, VW, Audi, RUF, Ford, BMW, Jaguar, Pagani and much more. Some cool extras in the game include I.Link racing, 3 screen view 1 player racing and the ability to use a steering wheel. Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty, and Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker. The Pros: >Very much unlike the SIlent Hill HD Collection, the game itself wasn't tampered with. This means that you will be able to play MGS3 with a fully rotating camera. The scroll wheel color is pre-determined by which profile you are using, & can not be customized. Due to these downsides, I feel obligated to drop at least 1 star. it takes significant space to play, so we have to move the couch out of the way. Granted I enjoy more adult games like COD, Bioshock, Gears of War, ect.... so I am not really the target audience, but it also does not appeal to my kids. The first two games were difficult so this game they made the gameplay easier. The Artificial intelligent characters was easier to get around and defeat. The developers could have modified the graphic engine like they did in the previous two games made for the PS2 but they didn't. My main gripe with the game is when you hack into the computers. You have to line up the numbers properly but if you don't the alarms go off and then your in trouble. I still enjoy playing this game even though the gameplay and graphics aren't the best. Still you can't go wrong buying Chaos Theory but prepare to save often. Starcraft 2 is just as fun with better graphics... if you are willing to go through the massive hassle to "install" the game. No wonder the game is so cheap now... you are basically buying a CD-KEY and an INSTALLER software without the actual game contents. Seriously, what is this mess/deal Blizzard is trying to pull? The game looks good in HD.The game will only take 5 or 6 hours to beat and the collectables are easy to get all of tham. The game opens with Jak being banished to the Wasteland desert for life by Count Veger for supposed "crimes" against the people of Haven City. Also, the Krimson Guard's special force of "K.G. Robots" went rogue and began attacking Haven citizens, leaving the city divided into three parts. This is much easier for them to use and the games are fun, but the mat is frustrating. This mat works well with smaller children because it registers their weight better. However, once getting underneath the exterior it becomes an absolute grind on the same content over and over. None of the content pushed or shown through E3 is in the game. Destiny also toted itself as a revolutionary social experience that is non existent. I personally don't have time to wait around for Activision to do the same with this game. Sad day truly Bungie...	Bonus points for any who caught the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Brian-Regan/dp/B001AXU1FK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Brian Regan</a>&nbsp;reference in the title...  In the past five or so years, two previously dormant video game icons have made major comebacks, starring in some of the best 2-D platformers in decades. I love how Donkey will sit down and start playing a 3DSXL if left idle. During many barrel segments, the camera will change to a full-on 3-D view, which makes for some mind-bending challenge and exciting set-pieces. All the characters are fun to play, whether DK for player one or the other three for player two, and the increased variety is really nice for people who love co-op gaming like my wife and I do. For us as a couple, DKCR and now this game have been majorly bonding at the best of times, and end-of-the-world fight inducing at the worst of times (I'm only partially kidding, lol). I've played for many hours by now, solo and with my wife, have reached several islands, conquered several bosses, and I'm really thinking that this is the best Donkey Kong game I've ever played. Long story short: I am a victim of bad luck and wasted hours of my life trying to make a defective unit work. Once I received a unit that did work (and at a cheaper price from Target), it works perfectly and I had a fun day yesterday playing Wind Waker. B. Prepare to dungeon crawl, fight incredibly difficult bosses, and die... A LOT! You'll get a main weapon and a gun in which to perform a type of parry with and have a ranged attack at your disposal.
The 360 version is a sloppy port of what is a otherwise not-too-bad game on other consoles. You have to deal with:  - Extreme load times, upwards of 2 minutes. - Can't install to hard drive which exacerbates already long loading. - Numerous game bugs (textures randomly changing or disappearing, audio dropping out entirely, bad hit detection) - Very poor controls that don't resemble the tight, responsive control system in Re4/Re5/ReRev regardless of the configuration. No patches since the release date have addressed any of these issues. About the game itself: For people that liked Resident Evil Revelations, other than sharing some graphical assets this game has nothing to do with that one. It's a sequel in name only with a completely different look and feel. It isn't bad though, and Resident Evil fans will probably want to pick it up. I personally enjoy the fact that emotions play a larger part in the Sims 4, and what really tops my list would have to be the multitask feature that I have been waiting for since the Sims 2! Sure, it may not sound like much to most people, but it just adds that touch of realism. I love The Sims but lately I have refused to dish out any more money to them until EA started to make some quality content. Many of the houses are sprawling ranches instead of suburbia feeling. Like it's really something new rather than just a glorified stuff pack. It's mostly a series of timed target and critter shooting with increasing levels of difficulty (at least as much as I've explored so far). If you like shooters that are more cartoonish, this one is pretty decent. Movement is awkward while firing and firing is extremely inaccurate while moving. Even when shooting a pistol, if one does it two handed, the left hand is cupping the right, not six inches behind the right hand. Stand WAY BACK from your television to get any similarity between your aim point on the screen and the place the target gets hit. I am just going to come out and say it, I am a saw fan, like a really big saw fan. So even if the saw movies aren't you thing, go out and try this game because you will never know until you try it. There are some issues though, one being that the cursor jumps. On higher dpi settings, when you press click on your mouse, it'll actually move the cursor on your screen. Again, not that big of a deal, just decrease double click sensitivity. A very nicely balanced game which goes beyond the previous titles by adding elements that add interesting diversity in game play. And while I did enjoy playing them for a time, they got a bit (dare I say it) boring over time. While initially interesting, the missions became too similar. And if and when this ever becomes a bit dull, there are plenty of cities, towns and jungle settings to explore and, yep, people to assassinate. In previous games you'd quickly become overwhelmed with more than a few and combat was a bit difficult to master. In addition, there are other entirely new aspects to the game like crafting that actually means something, hunting, and underwater expeditions. Is the entire idea of the animus kind of a pointless complexity? Overall, great addition to the franchise and a huge step forward. It offers also the Eight 8 x 8 or Mini 6 x 6 grid with Easy and Medium levels. It offers from the very basic, beginner level to the extreme hard puzzles. The Ultimate Puzzle Games Sudoku Edition software is the one I prefer and I highly recommend it as the best. Be sure to only have one saved game at a time because this is a seriously annoying glitch in the game frame. It is that using any other spell besides "Scrye" is next to impossible because the locations are so incredibly dark that I had to use that spell almost constantly in most areas. I was backing into corners frequently, rapidly looking left and right for attackers. I laughed at one point because I actually jumped from my chair at a loud crash of lightning. They also made the on screen menu during game play more difficult to get used to. they really toned down the graphics and it lags allot on my PC. I don't know why E.A. Games keeps doing this to the Sims but they seem to degrade every sequel to the Sims (makes each sequel have less than the last) E.A. games really needs to step up their game if they want to follow through with a Sims 4. Looks like I'm going to be playing more of the Sims 1 & 2 more than 3. And if you decide to keep tham alive, after hours of learning how they work, you must spend about 12-20 in game hours to manage them...  Don't buy this game, it's the worst...!!! I used to experience this in battlefield 3 and it drove me nuts and makes the level useless to play when that happens. It's not very often you get to feel like a kid again and this was one of those rare moments. Freddy would seem like a strange addition but they manage to work his back story into the MK universe incredibly well. Sensor Accuracy- one of the most accurate sensors on the market. The Logitech software is slick, light, powerful and quick to install and use. On the Fence: Styling- This is a souped-up premium office mouse with gaming innards and a new paint job. As a gaming mouse, it is well-priced compared to its main competition. They work as advertised and are very durable but many people don't care for the "all plastic" feel of the mouse. Scroll Wheel- No issues personally, but the profile is admittedly low, it is simply a smooth rubber wheel with a little bit of cheap wiggle and it appears identical to what is on Logitech's $5-10 mice. That said, it works and this is a rather nit-picky con some wouldn't even notice were it not for the gripes of others. This is a classic example of a console game that was ported by a low-budget Japanese company to the PC in order to bring in more dollars. When gamers like myself have to turn to other gamers to make the controls better, it is a pathetic game to start with. It took me 10 tries to figure out what "1 + 3" was on the keyboard.
The cityscapes are so full of detail you feel completely immersed in this game. The only negative... well technically I don't consider it a negative since I'm giving this game 5 stars, is that this game is so immersive that it physically stresses me out to play it sometimes. (mainly with some of the "clicker" areas)  I have never had a game stress me out as much as this one. I literally had to stop playing a few times because it gave me a headache it was so intense. The only other thing to mention is that it is very hard core, raw and bloody. I highly recommend it to anyone who has not played it to get it ASAP! I can't wait to dive into the side story "Left Behind" that comes with this. The entire thing was pretty short and had some very long cut scenes but it also had some of the funnest stealth killing missions in the entire game. I really hope they decide to continue this game with more DLC or a part 2 to it. Then have them skate in eight detailed skate parks (several more hidden!). The game really needs to be divided into three parts, the Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 part, that has eight courses to skate on where for each course, there are a number of goals to accomplish for each, such getting high scores by earning points from performing tricks, grinds, and jumps over gaps (like building to building), collecting the letters SKATE, grinding three rails, jumping over fire hydrants and various other things, they vary from level to level. I have read a lot of reviews that say the LED's can go bad and I hope that does not happen but form what I am seeing they are phenomenal and I love how I can change the brightness and the gaming setting that only lights up numbers 1-6 and the WASD keys. It feels very durable but other than that I am not sure about how long it will last but I will update this review if and when needed. The next thing to be aware of is the USB dongle that powers it. So be prepared to give up an extra port for an awesome product. With this I leave the rest up to the purchasers who might read this review and the countless others and decide on their own which keyboard to buy(this one). First off, the story is a true work of art giving time for the narrative back-and-forth that happens when Nate and other are just exploring the world. ****I like to recommend games in my review and it isn't easy to recommend something at this caliber. However if you missed out on the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Last-of-Us-Remastered-PlayStation-4/dp/B00JK00S0S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Last of Us Remastered - PlayStation 4</a>, get it and play it as soon as possible. They are really smart and makes gameplay that much more challenging. The graphics are amazing but the voice acting is sometimes cheesy. I hope they come out with a patch to re-enable it before that happens. I don't care about experience points when playing with friends online. You can see it not only when you are playing games but all the time. You will only get a big screen in the front of you (which is cool) but you will have to sacrifice the details of your games and movies when you will use this feature. PSVR have all my support and I cannot wait until more games comes out and when I will finally see these issues are covered. The cityscapes are so full of detail you feel completely immersed in this game. Choices don't matter during gameplay minus a line of dialog here and there and, ultimately, only amount to which ending you get. - It delivers not only with its amazing graphics, but the game play is top notch even with the sometimes awkward wiimote. The landscapes are beautiful and seem to go on as far as the eye can see. It was a game that was so tedious to play at times, but actually managed to improve on the formula I had thought was perfect. Though it represents the company's first attempt at making an original I.P. that's entirely their own, they made the mistake of allowing it to be compared to the MASS EFFECT series, games that are known for their quality, gameplay, and story. But what you will find, oddly enough, is a game that manages to pull off a few tricks that guys at BioWare should really take note of in the future. Despite being labeled "The Espionage RPG," this game does not really allow you to live out your spy fantasies. It's like playing the same level over and over again for over ten hours. This game had a lot of potential but almost all of it was drained away, but there is some good to be found here. My whole time on Earth i think i found out that there are some bad guys called the Fallen and the Hive, i was dead, fighting for Earth is a lost cause, that's pretty much it as far as story, beyond that i found out there's a computer program who has absolutely no bearing on the story, the Fallen have big spider tanks...yay? Where I am less forgiving is in respect to the gameplay itself. The marketing of this game cites its "butterfly effect" engine, referring to how the most simple of choices determine outcomes for characters. sometimes they are just plain trivial (e.g. will you throw a snowball at them? The environment itself has a deep story and becomes its own rich character. So considered holistically, this game does provide a rich story to play through  hence I played through it all in one night. Ultimately Until Dawn plays like a choose-your-own-misadventure survival horror game, which is a fresh marketing concept, but the choices you can make are often pretty banal (will you go left or will you go right?). BUT, If you hate that aspect of games, you might want to sit this one out, because that essentially is the engine of this game. Deus Ex: Human Revolution is the most engrossing game I have played since the original Mass Effect and Dragon Age Origins. I felt for many of the characters, especially the lead character and the tragedy in his life, even finding it very interesting that he was interested in renascence era clockworks (he has been building them in his apartment from blueprints). Or if they should just wait until the price drops (I usual wait 1-2 years after a game comes out before getting it. Go back again once your skill for pick/hacking a lock is high enough. Items like duct tape and table fans are very valuable...for their component parts. Set up, build, learn the spawn points to concentrate your defenses. Loved how you could literally just get lost wandering around seeing all the attention to detail the programmers put into the game. Gage is decent companion who only "dislikes" your actions when you take mentats (I usually do for a critical charisma check or maxing a sale with a merchant). Spent too long building up my settlements to raid them and unalign them. Gameplay is divided in-between two areas; management and battle skirmishes. The skirmishes are where the meat and bones of the game lie and where you may spend a majority of your time. If you slip and make a poor choice the computer will make you feel that error. It may seem fun to go around and annihilating everything in your pass by using high explosive weapons but strategy requires you to capture and collect your enemies bodies and weapons. To get close requires strategy, planning, and luck several moves out. ++++++ CHALLENGE ++++++ The game is challenging but is not at the point where you feel as if you need to throw the controller at the wall because you have reached an in pass in gameplay.
