Amazing Soaps/Love these Soaps and the Company whom makes them! All are amazing. Here is a Wonderful list to help everyone choose there favorite Scents! Like helping other's. Pre de Provence Pure Vegetable Oil Soap - 8.8 oz. bar  With luscious scents and rich lather, these soaps are a customer favorite. Hard-milled to be long-lasting, with Shea Butter and Pure Vegetable Oils to moisturize your skin. Delicately scented and made with all natural ingredients. Individually wrapped bars.  Agrumes (Citrus Fruits) Light citrus blend of grapefruit, citron, and orange. *Angel's Trumpet Sunny, floral fragrance. Exfoliating. Apple Pear Summer day in the orchard; fresh and fruity. Coconut Luscious... The fragrance of the islands. Green Tea Exotic, sensuous, and tangy. *Honey Almond Honey and Almond blended into the warm, sweet smell of Provence. Exfoliating. Jasmin Exotic & floral. *Juicy Pomegranate Fresh, juicy sweet. Exfoliating. *Lavender Lavender, the best alternative to a trip to the south of France! Aromatic & woody. Exfoliating. *Lemongrass Tangy, citrusy, and invigorating. Exfoliating. *Lime Zest Earthy, citrusy zeal of the lime. Provides the well being of cheer and revitalization. Exfoliating. Linden Sweet essence of a summer day in Provence. Fresh & clean. Milk Clean, sweet, and pleasing. *Mint Leaf Invigorating, refreshing, and restorative. Exfoliating. Mirabelle Juicy, green floral Moondance Bright, green, floral Olive Oil Mild scent, highly moisturizing & non-allergenic. The very best for dry or sensitive skin.  Also good as a baby soap, shaving soap, laundry soap, or kitchen soap. Peony Subtle, sensual, powdery, and romantic. Pineapple Scrumptious... Sweet and fruity. Raspberry Juicy, sunny *Rose Petal French rose garden in summer. Exfoliating. *Rosemary Mint Fresh, herbaceous *Sage Herbal, fresh, and exhilarating. Exfoliating. Starflower Sparkling, fruity, floral *Tiare Tropical, creamy floral. Exfoliating. Verbena Sparkling citrus to excite the senses. Violette Sugared violets *White Gardenia A beautiful shrub with fragrant white flowers that create a sweet, silky floral. Exfoliating.  * Asterisks in the list above indicate soaps with exfoliating visible bits of lavender blossoms, rose petals, apricot rind, lemongrass, sage and mint leaves. Along with the richness of shea butter, these botanicals help to exfoliate dead skin cells leaving skin renewed and soft.
So, this is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old:  reviewing dryer vent cleaners while sitting at your kitchen table waiting for American Idol.  This is not what I envisioned when I was 12, I can tell you that much.  You kids who think it won't happen to you?  It will.  Sorry to burst your bubble.  That said, the product works great.  Our dryer pretty much stopped working and we were thinking we needed a new one, which was seriously going to eat into my plastic surgery budget.  One last shot before a trip to the appliance store was this Gardus LintEater.  My husband, who is not the handy one of the family, had to do the work as I have a torn labrum.  (Which sounds dirtier than it is - that's part of your shoulder.)  He, the clumsiest man in the world, had absolutely no problem using this.  I warned him to read the directions first, and he actually listened and followed.  He hooked it up to the drill, and away he went.  He got a bunch of musty, wet lint that had probably been up inside the wall since 1977  - probably consisting of bell bottom material and macram.  Now our dryer actually dries clothes again, and I can continue to save for my facelift. Thank you Gardus.
What a FAB-u-LOUS mini sewing kit! This is the first kit that I have come across that has any color thread that could be needed! There is a total of 32 mini spools as well as 32 bobbins. The mini spools have a great amount of thread in them, I was really surprised! What I thoifjt it was is those little cardboard rolls that are included in  most other kits,  however this is much larger than I expected! All of your basic colors are included as well as some neonish colors as well multiple color variations of the same color. Its really nice to have all these colors in one pack! If you can't tell in impressed!  I love that this EBeauty Sewing kit doeant throw in all kinds of unnecessary items just to fill space. What you need is what you get. What you get is quality here! The wheel that includes the needles is not made of cheap plastic that cracks when the fastener tape is pulled off and the scissors actually cut!! You get 30 different needled with different sized heads. You get 2 plastic thimbles as well as 2 threaders and a measuring tape that measures up to 25 inches on one side and 64 centimeters on the other. This tape is of quality as well, this is not one of those tapes that has the little threads coming out all over just waitimg to unravel . its a good tape! This all takes this kit to a whoping 100 pieces!! Each piece sits nicely into a plastic tray. The tray sits nicely into my sewing box and keeps all items in their places!  All in all this is an excellent option of a mini sewing kit! This would be great for a beginner as well as for making a travel kit or even to have the options that yjis kit offers for your daily needs as they arise, this kit would get the job done!  Highly recommend!
I installed one of these heaters in my chinese 24 H.P. diesel tractor. (a very old and cold blooded design)  It worked great last year, for the 2 times I used it. I wrote a glowing review on the tractor site I belong to.  A made in USA product at a competitive price, that is a win win product!  This year it don't work.  I pulled it out and did some ohm meter tests on it.  The thermostat is fine but the heating element is not.  Zero contuctivity through the heating element.  Now I have a gap in my radiator hose that I have to fill so I have ordered another one.  I would hope that something built in the USA would function a little better than this.  I was very pleased with it when I installed it and it worked well.  I am not quite so pleased now.  It is reasonably priced and it should work for a long time.  There isn't much to it.  Perhaps the bend radius of the heating element is a little sharper than it can tolorate?  They work great when they work.  When they don't it sucks.  It is a real PITA when you have a snowstorm bearing down on you and can't get your tractor to start. I hope my dipstick heater is up to the task.  If the replacement heater lasts more than 2 uses I will ammend my evaluation.  It shouldn't be that difficult to build one of these.  About 3 inches of mild steel tubing a cal rod element and a couple of crimp on connections and a snap switch and 6 foot of electric cord.  The packaging probably costs more than the working parts.  12 five star reviews and 5 one star reviews would seem to indicate a serious problem with this product.  My second one seems to work well.  I just should have not had to buy a second one.  Perhaps the manufacturer of this product has corrected the problem.  Bend radius of the Cal rod element? Something?  We need this and you build it.  Tell us you fixed it, how and why.  You will sell a lot more when they all work for more than 2 start ups.  I will be your most vocal fan.  It is the season....
KILROY WAS HERE...  The album has toiled under the weight of its results. The band, which had irreparably fractured 4 years earlier, fell apart "with one finger up in the air." Intractable as the feelings were then, the legacy has remained as staunchly overwrought. The end result is that the greatness of this album actually being less than the sum of its parts.  KILROY WAS HERE was not actually the album that destroyed the band. CORNERSTONE owns that dubious distinction for it was the first album in which the band wrote songs and arranged them as the writers deemed fit. It was the first album in which all band members did not assist in the creation and arrangement of the songs. To a large degree Cornerstone became the first in a devolving process where in STYX fell from being a band to being a collection of 5 remarkably talented musicians performing as solo artists under the bands name. KLIROY WAS HERE was the climax (or anti-climax if you wish) of that disintegration of the once incredible band STYX.  KILROY WAS HERE might have been a truly great album if Dennis DeYoung would have released it as a solo album or even under a pseudonym. There are several incredibly wonderful songs on this album, JUST GET THROUGH THIS NIGHT and HAVEN'T WE BEEN HERE BEFORE stand the test of time as being among the most beautiful and soulful of STYX songs to have ever graced a disc. COLD WAR and DON'T LET IT END could have found themselves on any STYX album and not have been out of place (albeit with some better cohesiveness among band members in the arrangements.) I would argue that the guitar work and vocals are better than on most of the tracks on PARADISE THEATRE.  A few of the songs are just silly. While the concept was valiant, the remainder of the band was not heartfelt in their support and it showed in the lack of creativity and instrumentation throughout the individual tracks. Very little of Dennis DeYoungs' or James Youngs' songs seemed unique or complex in their structuring or instrumentation (not unlike some of the tracks from CORNERSTONE.)  During STYX halcyon days, each of the bands five members contributed more than their two cents worth as they chiseled out the songs. This method was brought back during the recording of the brilliant CYCLORAMA album. However, a prolonged rhythm bridge was never introduced or a chorus from a previously penned song was never suggested, let alone melded into the final master tape which was released as KILROY WAS HERE.  STYX was known for such an ethereal harmony, played with incredible meticulousness, that was almost unmatched within the annals of rock and roll. Not even YES (while instrumentally superior) could match the soulfulness of the songwriting and vocal talents of STYX. STYX was a band of such mesmerizing sound and unity that Jack Black (who holds the band in unmatched reverence) once stated that it would be impossible for him to imagine playing with because of the sound being "too magical." But, as the band broke apart, the songs suffered.  KILROY WAS HERE, as an album, suffered the most. Had Dennis DeYoung wrote and recorded the album as a solo project, who knows how history might have remembered the album? Had Tommy and the band continued, who can argue that STYX would have regained its lost magic? The album became a microcosm of the band itself... immense talent, incredible potential, all lost under the weight of self-centered, egotistical and misguided totalitarianism imposed upon a rebellious minded population that surrendered to the control of the despot and ultimately imploded. We can only thank Johnathan Chance for standing up against the tyranny and fueling the opportunity for the band members to escape, with the footsteps ultimately leading down to the re-structured STYX of today.  And lest we never forget, if the songs were as bad as some would like to remember, the strong minded band members would have protested sufficiently to have insured that the songs would not have been recorded. JY, Chuck, John and even Tommy found enough to add their contributions without too much protest (let alone firing Dennis DeYoung). And STYX today does offer snippets of plaudits to the album every now and then within their concerts and even their studio recordings. [Tommy Shaw had a picture of a ROBOTO mask within the liner notes of his heralded 1998 solo album 7 DEADLY ZENS, and STYX included numerous samples from KILROY WAS HERE within the 1999 BRAVE NEW WORLD album.)  In summation, KILROY WAS HERE, albeit much maligned (and deservedly so) is still a great album filled with great songs performed by great musicians... KILROY WAS HERE, however, cannot be regarded as a great STYX album, as the band was torn asunder as far back as 1979. KILROY WAS HERE was an evolution of that disintegration... it was a paradoxical release of a band that was no more.
Don McLean had the great good fortune and the nagging misfortune of having a thumping big hit early in his career.  Having one of his songs become a cultural phenomenon guaranteed him sellout concerts as it hung a big medallion around his neck that read "American Pie Guy".  McLean had more to offer than that epic pop music history  clef.  This handy compilation offers a listener a taste of McLean's more substantial work sprinkled among the obligatory love songs and covers.  Before American Pie made him famous, McLean wrote biting social commentary in songs such as Respectable.  His first single after American Pie -- Vincent -- showed him as moodily reflective.  Following that, Dreidel had a deceptively upbeat pop arrangement which made the lyrics seem more bland than they are:  No days you can borrow, no time you can buy. No trust in tomorrow. It's a lie. And I feel like I'm dippin' and divin'. My sky shoes are spiked with lead heels. I'm lost in this star car I'm drivin'. But my air sole keeps pushin' big wheels. My world is a constant confusion. My mind is prepared to attack. My past a persuasive illusion. I'm watchin' the future it's black.  This is not Don't Worry, Be Happy time, but those are feelings most of us can identify with.  Another contrasting treatment is Wonderful Baby, which seems like an amusing cutesy-cuddly whimsy, until you listen:  Wonderful baby nothin' but new, the world has gone crazy, I'm glad I'm not you. At the beginning or is it the end? It goes in and comes out and starts over again.  Get that "I'm glad I'm not you."  Not even Bob Dylan could make a pop music career out of trenchant observations, so McLean served up his share of musings on romance, but even there things weren't always perky, as Castles in the Air ended up with Empty Chairs.  McLean had to do a cover of a song by his boyhood idol Buddy Holly (Everyday) to inject an optimistic note.  When he turned out isn't-love-a-delight efforts (La La I Love You, And I Love You So, If We Try, Going for the Gold) he sounded like John Denver at too high an altitude, or Gordon Lightfoot in one of his wince - inducing sensitive modes, and those are the weakest songs here.  As McLean released songs about the problematic prospects of life, his pop music chart performance kept drifting down, but he found a niche on Adult Contemporary playlists.  His albums performed similarly; by the early 80s, he was seen as a relic of the decade that started with Crosby, Stills and Nash and ended with disco, which tells us something about changes in popular taste.  McLean's last album to crack the Billboard Top 40, released as the 70s wound down, had less bite than his early efforts: there were four covers of conventional material, one of which, a gorgeous version of the Roy Orbison/Joe Melson song Crying, gave him his last Top Ten hit, almost ten years after American Pie.  And so he drifted into cult status.  There isn't any indication that the tracks on this release were remastered for this collection.  The sound is fine -- full and clear.  The order of the tracks on this compilation pays no attention to chronological order, and the booklet notes don't lay this out clearly, which gives this album a sense of being an organic work, rather than a compilation.  This not a bad idea, but it waves away the reality that an artist's works reflect the artist's interests and skills at various times in life.  (Imagine a Bob Dylan hits collection with Gotta Serve Somebody as the next track after Like a Rolling Stone.  Yep, that's two Dylan references.)  So, for those who would like a handy librarian's guide, here are the albums in chronological order with their respective tracks and track numbers on this compilation:  Tapestry (1970)  Castles in the Air  2 And I Love You So  13 Respectable  18  American Pie (1971)  American Pie  1 Winterwood  4 Sister Fatima  6 Empty Chairs  7 Vincent  11 Crossroads  12 The Grave  17  Don McLean (1972)  Dreidel  3 The Birthday Song  8 If We Try  15  Playin' Favorites (1973)  Everyday  5 Fools Paradise  14 Mountains of Mourne  16  Homeless Brother (1974)  Wonderful Baby  9 La La Love You  10  Chain Lightning (1978)  Crying  20  Love Tracks (1987)  Going for the Gold  19
Okay before I review this DVD, I just want to clarify why I said this is for fans of Al Di Meola only. The songs he performs are not the same kind of "fusion" flare that you, the casual listener, are going to be accustomed to. He was a jazz fusion pioneer, sure, but things have changed since then. He's more into the classical side of arranging and playing now.  Having said that, his playing on this DVD is amazing. The sound quality and video are also good. The band he's playing with are all very well-versed musicians. The pianist he's playing with, I think he's name is Mario Parmisano, suprised me greatly. Al wouldn't be playing with a musician that isn't fantastic, so hats off to Al for his choice in musicians. Very strong rhythmic presence throughout.  As to comment on something a reviewer said in the review prior to mine, he mentioned how he was disappointed that Al Di Meola didn't talk to the audience more. Look, I think I can say wholeheartedly that you DON'T want Al Di Meola talking to the audience! Trust me folks, you couldn't bare it. Not only does he seem a bit stand-offish, but I honestly don't think he would know what to say other than something weird.  No offense to Al, but I don't want hear him talk. I want to hear him play, and that's the reason I purchased this DVD. To me, it's good enough to actually have something of him playing on DVD. If he doesn't talk or if he does really shouldn't be a valid complaint anyway. The review of any concert DVD should be a review of what it is, not what it could be.  This DVD is worth every penny, and fans of Al Di Meola are going to especially like this.
I so agree with the last reviewer!  As to another reviewer's dissertation on what constitues a "Mozart singer", hogwash!  Montserrat Caballe failing to understand at every moment that she is singing Mozart?  Hogwash!  A 'Mozart singer' is like every other 'singer' - you got it or you ain't; the rest is intellectual preening and has nothing to do with genuine operatic art. And what singing this is - a Cosi to treasure!  Mozart's ensemble writing in this opera surpasses that of his other operas, and Baker, Cotrubas and Caballe find an emotional perfection in the rendering that alters the earth's orbit!  I've not heard another Cosi like it since Cotrubas' earlier recording with von Stade and Stratas.  I also have the Harmonia Mundi recording and find it mundane by comparison.  Veronique Gens has fioriture up her sleeve; she can pull it out, but she sings with the emotional depth of a teenager.  Hers is a vocal aesthetic for Lully or Rameau, but not Bach, and certainly Mozart suggests that more consolidation of resources is necessary.  Why not hire David Bowie for the role?  -might as well.  What is more 'stylish' than the musicianship these peerless singers and musicians bring to this surpassing Cosi?  Please not Rene Jacobs' arcane treatment of the score, though I do admire the Cologne orchestra, particularly the weight of the strings, but that too cerebral 'informed classicism' always sticks its little notebook up into the musical air.  Colin Davis rivals his own Tosca (also with Caballe) in this recording.  The Covent Garden forces shine under his watch, even more, they consistently reach into themselves and deep into Mozart, deep into the opera - an attribute I would not ordinarily ascribe to this opera orchestra and chorus.  Nicolai Gedda will probably die still insufficiently revered, he is one of the supreme artists of our time, or any time; he is as desirable an actor as he is miraculous singer.  Even now, as things fall apart, he remains the present heart of any opera ensemble.  His artistry burnishes this recording to a glow.  Get this recording - it really has no rival at present.
These lenses are small but they do great job in adding effects to my photos and videos. See attached pictures. The picture on the top was taken without the lenses. The bottom pictures are with the addition of the Aukey lenses. These Aukey lenses work great with my iPhone and with the included clips, taking photo/video with these lenses is a breeze.  The wide-angle fisheye lens is great for capturing "selfies" and creating viaual effects by rounding the view of the sorroundings. As you can see, the center of the image did not come out distorted with the use of the fisheye lens. The overall view is still very clear but it creates this wonderful full-screen image.  The other lens, the 20X macro lens is very good for magnifying small objects and bringing them to full view using just an iPhone without any distortion. The lens is small but is very powerful. Please see the flower (bottom picture is the one taken using the 20X macro lens).  I remember having to pay $100 for each set of fisheye or macro lens for my Canon Rebel Ti Digital SLR camera. The DSLR camera and lenses are both heavy and bulky. It's also very inconvenient to carry the big SLR camera and lenses on a regular basis.  Whereas with these Aukey lenses, you can store and carry them securely in a very nice and small case all the time. Pair the lenses with your iPhone and you can pretty much capture nice photos and videos without the bulkiness of a real SLR camera. Also, the price is very reasonable. Where can you find SLR camera lenses at this price?
I originally bought this cable to program my POFUNG GT-1,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Baofeng-Pofung-GT-1-UHF-400-470MHz-FM-Two-way-Ham-Radio-16-Channels-1800mAh-Battery-Orange/dp/B00OR2H2M6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Baofeng Pofung GT-1 UHF 400-470MHz FM Two-way Ham Radio, 16 Channels, 1800mAh Battery (Orange)</a>&nbsp;a 16 Channel UHF handie-talkie that literally can not operate at all without this adapter to program the frequencies using your PC. I used the stock software that came with the GT-1 and had no problem getting the hardware (cable & radio) detected using Windows 7.0 Professional 64-Bit. However, I was not able to get the hardware to detect using Windows 8.1 Professional 64-Bit version. I was also unable to get the software to load AT ALL on Windows 7.0 using XP compatibility mode, so I will assume that this hardware does not work with Windows XP, either. Oddly, the software does mention supporting Windows VISTA. Go figure.  Unlike some reviewers here, I had no problem getting the connector to "fit" with the radio. Everything seemed to fit snugly. The USB end of the cable is a tad large though, so I wouldn't plan on plugging any other USB devices right next to it. I'm not quite sure why the USB end of the connector is so large. It seems like a poor design.  Much like it's radios, this Baofeng/Pofung patch cable is rather cheap. It does exactly what it is supposed to do though and for $7 (approx current price) you really don't have much to lose. It isn't something that you will likely use on a regular basis, so wear and tear on the cable should be minimal. Baofeng has always been know for their incredibly cheap two-way radios. If you already have one, getting this cable is a no-brainer. William Van Hefner, KB6VWL
"24 Karat Gold ~ Songs From the Vault" is a newly recorded album by Stevie Nicks, however if you didn't know better you would easily think this was a long lost album from Stevie. Going back to 2010 when Stevie was working on her "In Your Dreams" album she discovered one her lost demos, "Secret Love", on YouTube. She reworked that track for that album. Jump ahead a few years and she discovered lots more of her lost demos on YouTube and with a few weeks this past spring, she and producer Dave Stewart headed down to Nashville to rework these tracks.  As a long time fan, I've had these demos in my collection for years, when I heard what her plan was, I was skeptical. This isn't the first time she's reworked old demos, but the results haven't always been great. Listen to her original demo for "Smile At You", then check out the watered down released version on Fleetwood Mac's "Say You Will". Would she be able to recapture the magic in these original demos, or would the suffer the same fate of "Smile At You" where too much time has passed and the inspiration behind the song is long forgotten. Another concern was her voice, it's aged a lot since the recording of the demos. The answer is not only do these songs come to life, but in nearly every case, outshine the demos.   Among the highlights, the album kicks off with "Starshine", this is a fun rocker that is a great album opener and would also be a killer opening song on stage. If you're familiar with the demo, you'll hear how she really recaptured the feel of 1980 and the recording of the "Bella Donna" album right down to the organ solo.  "Mabel Normand" is one of her more rare demos, the song tells the tale of the long forgotten actress but here Stevie compares her own life to that of Mabel. The song dates back to the "Rock A Little" era and like "Thousand Days" or "Mirror Mirror" it has an almost rambling feel to the lyric, that's not a bad thing.  The album's title "24 Karat Gold" was a demo that I could never quite get into, the version here though shines. From the opening lone bass riff, which rolls into a drum beat, the song just comes to life.  One of my favorites from the album, "Belle Fleur" is another of the demos that I never got into, but once again, Stevie has transformed the song into a gem. The first minute of the song here is just a chugging drum beat that hooks you just before the song has it's proper start. I also like the banjo heard throughout the song.  "All The Beautiful Worlds" is a great song period. It's got a haunting tone that has a very definite late 70's/early 80's feel to it. Again here Stevie's vocals sound as strong and vibrant as they did in the 80's. With Sharon and Lori providing their background vocals, the song is classic Stevie.  "Lady" was known for years among fans as "Knocking On Doors". Stevie wrote this back in the late 60's when she and Lindsey were trying to get noticed. Her voice has aged to perfection here. Just Stevie and a piano, that's all this song needs.  With "I Don't Care" Stevie rocks out. The music track was written by Tom Petty guitarist Mike Campbell and Waddy Wachtel. It's got a swampy bluesy feel, a very different sound for Stevie. Stevie has said the end of the song lyrically was made up on the spot, honestly the whole song lyrically sounds improvised, but it works.  "Watch Chain" written about Mick Fleetwood in the late 70's has retained much of the feel of the original demo. I've always liked this one and yet again, Stevie's vocals have somehow transported back to the 70's.  "Hard Advice" is the sister song to 2001's "That Made Me Stronger", two songs written about the same conversation. In this case a conversation Stevie had with Tom Petty. This is a beautiful track.  "Carousel" is a Vanessa Carlton song that Stevie did not write, however it's included here because it was one of Stevie's late mother's favorites.  "Blue Water" is something of holy grail song among fans, written by Stevie with Sharon Celani back in the late 70's. I never cared for the demo, but once again the song has come alive here. She's helped out on this one with Lady Antebellum.  "Cathouse Blues" was always something of a oddball among Stevie's demos. As with "I Don't Care" Stevie musically is trading new ground here, the song is given a jazzy treatment along with dixieland horns. Yes, it works.  "The Dealer" has long been one of my favorites, one can assume it was one of Stevie's favorites as well, as she has recorded several demos of this. This version is slowed down a bit from the 1970's demo, and some of the excitement from the original demo is missing. However if you've never heard the demo, then there is much to like here.  Closing out the album is "She Loves Him Still", another track she's attempted a few times. Some don't like the woodwind on this, I think it fits the song. Years have passed since she wrote this and she has moved on from whatever inspired her, but yet she sings it as if it was inspired just yesterday.   Stevie said recently that she couldn't write these songs today. She's right, she's moved on and grown since these songs were written, in some ways these are really very simple songs. In every way though these are classic Stevie songs. This is very much the most pure Stevie album we've ever gotten.  Many of these songs probably wouldn't have been hits during the time they were written and that's probably why they were left behind. Looking back on these songs now, the heartbreak that inspired them has healed and now the songs are allowed to shine.  In some ways this doesn't feel like a new album at all, it seems almost like a greatest hits album. At the same time it IS a new album filled with classic Stevie moments.
UPDATE: 5/31/16  After all the "hulabaloo" about an empty Noodles & Co. gift card, I found out from Noodles corporate office customer setvice that you CANNOT enter all the numbers on the back of the gift card to check the balance...only the last 14 numbers from the card. As it turns out, my gift card was fully loaded and ready to use.  Apparently Noodles had several complaints about the issue over the last few months because they added a special note to their gift card page..."If your gift card number has 19 digits, please only enter the last 14 digits of your card number, omitting the first 5 digits.".  **If you recently gifted a Noodles & Co. gift card, please have your giftee recheck their card balance (only enter the last 14 digits of their card number, omitting the first 5 digits) or contact Noodles directly like I did.  You won't regret either transaction.  It would be nice if AMAZON or the gift card seller would add this info to the product description to save time & money for everyone.  The web page is:  [...]  RUNNING LOW? Check your gift card balance anytime! Enter your gift card ID number found on the back of your card in the box below and click on the "Submit" button. If it's time to fill up, you can refuel at your neighborhood Noodles & Company.  If your gift card number has 19 digits, please only enter the last 14 digits of your card number, omitting the first 5 digits.  TIP:  Do join the eClub rewards.  You can get free food and get coupons by email.  It's worth the extra little bit of time plus you will learn about new offerings and menu changes.  I especially love the BOGO coupons.  I like to buy a salad and get a second one for the next day or share with a friend.  Gift the card another look.  NOTE: I was not compensated for my review.  =============================== Feb 2016 When I first purchased my gift card  I went online to the Noodles website and checked the balance on my NEW gift card several times and each time it said NO BALANCE.  I was very frustrated and angry.  AMAZON was kind enough the replace the card with a new one.
I'd heard about this on triple D and a few other places, and thought, "Well, if they're ranting THIS MUCH, it must be GREAT." Nah.  Used it on chicken TWICE (the reviews I'd read slobbered all over how good it was supposed to be with chicken), and it SUCKED. Not that it was nauseating, it just had no flavor at all. We have a pretty broad palate--like all kinds of foods--but this had  no real flavor profile at all. I've read it described as 'lemony', etc.: don't you believe it. I loaded the food up with lemon and this stuff, and it pretty much...just lay there.  Frankly: we grew up poor and couldn't afford too many spices or extras, and my mom's roast chicken with JUST salt, pepper and butter rocked WAAAAAAAAY more than this. Save your money is my instinct. I still plan to try it mixed with some other herbs, so I'll update, and hopefully find a recipe or two that is worth the investment.  The company DOES give you a LOT for your money, in the way of sheer amount of the spice that they send you. I'd be very open to anyone here who wanted to send me recipes or ways to use it that might change my initial impression. So look out for future updates.  UPDATE: OK, I'm finally getting around to updating this, now that I've had time to try some of the suggestions of the kind commenters below. I like it pretty well now that I've tried it mixed with a few other herbs and especially on flat bread. It's killer with flat bread dipped in fresh garlic lightly saute'd in butter, then mixed with the sumac and some Mexican oregano (try it: you'll never use any other kind of oregano again--I used to HATE oregano, now I use the Mex. kind all the time). So I've upgraded to a four star on my review. Once you know how to use a spice, it makes all the difference. Just don't follow the recipe on the bag...And thanks to everyone below who took the time to leave me so much info. I'm still working my way through the suggestions! Happy holidays to you all as well!  :-)
This oven was a replacement for it's predecessor we had for over 10 years.  When that one died I looked for a a new model that was close to the same as we really liked our old Panasonic. Newer models have replaced the keyboard with a dial that seemed pretty funky to me and some reviewers.  Then I hit on this one.  1250 watts, same as my old one..and a keyboard.  Reviews were mainly good.  This review is early so can't speak to longevity but after a couple days I have put it through it's paces.  First I found how much more quickly it cooks familiar items than the old one.  It also has some new functions and the old function of reheating and cooking by sensor.  I did not use that on the old one as I found it never did the job right.  Better by trial and error with the timer. This one didn't do any better on things I have tried.  But I am enjoying the power that had diminished over the years on my old one and the unit is sleek and good looking in our kitchen.  I hope it will have at least have as long a life as the old one but I also understand most of the new stuff is designed otherwise.  We'll see.
this meter works well we called the company and spoke to the male (sales guy/tech) good help and want over meter and calibrated it three times (meter got more closer to the 4.01 (around 4.02, 4.03 (it does it times tak a while to find itself and can wounder around +/- 5 (there is a window of 3.96 to 4.06 which is 4 ). we tried several meters the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is a good meter but it only reads 0.0 good back up and it really works wells out of the others.  for the Milwaukee MW102 PH and Temperature Meter we find it works just a little better and gives more reading. Calibration works best if you use wash sample 4.01 than to sample 4.01 with temp prop and repeat. this meter is not junk it does take a little time to read to higher level the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is faster but not has accurate but close.  the Milwaukee MW102 PH unit is a basic PH meter with temp sample field unit good price in market for what it is--(no data sd card slots etc...). thanks milwaukee. (if the unit goes bad or anything i will post it so far so good).  unit is runing ok so far had to re calibrate (did it several) times with wash 4.01 and the test 4.01 etc.. and the meter sames to be reading +/- about 2 or 3 more close to 2. the meter works well just wish it would find its calibration zone faster. there are times where is just struggles to find the calibration and the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is all ready there. I have ordered cleaning solution to see if this helps.  ok i am returning this unit the 102 and will try the Milwaukee 105 pro model. the 102 just too many time takes to long to find it self to many times, eats up way to much time and i have to 2nd check it (so if i check 50 pools a day this meter will kill me... maybe probe change or broad but i can not use it working like this.  i will update on the Milwaukee 105 pro after using it i will update findings.  OK Milwaukee 105 pro works great. We had to call the company and get a replacement probe for unknown reason the 1st probe was faulty. the tech guys at Milwaukee are very helpful and help us with new replacement probe.  the Milwaukee 105 reads a little faster it sames than the 102 but the run is at time very close. BUT it works very well and both PH and TEMP are displayed on screen with this unit makes it nice to not have to switch screens. (the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is faster). this test is great for bench and table work. (after calibration this 105 meter was 100% on the money 4.00 and 7.00 and reads with a very high degree accuracy.  Final NOTE: Both units 102 and 105 Milwaukee's are (2 points) calibration the  Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 is a (3 point) we called many companies for the answer and we are told that 3 points calibrate faster and many companies are moving to the pens and 3 point and auto cal from factory like the  Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 this pen has factory calibration without any butter set by the factory watch you can at any time set it back to factory ((we checked factory and it is right on for 4.0 ((not 0.00)) that good. like to see other meters have this option.  conclusion: 102 and 105 Milwaukee's are (2 points)slower than (3 points) work great. Great product and the Milwaukee's customer service was very helpful and fixed any issues. the Oakton EcoTestr pH 2 we use and it is a great meter with great factory reset calibration without solution.  hope this helps all and please leave commands for others if you want thank you.
C.L. Foster and E.R. Rada have teamed up to deliver a fresh new take on historical romance that is sure to leave readers in awe. Heart of War is set in the majestic era of knights and kings and the Hundred Years War. Adalira and Bastian are the children of nobles with their hearts set on the battlefield. Adalira is expected to be prim and proper as a Lady usually is, but she longs to wield a sword. Bastian is expected to be a diplomat, but his dream is to be a knight. When they meet, they just might be each other's key to breaking free of the mold and winning their families over.  I had the brilliant opportunity to beta-read this lovely story and I fell in love from the beginning. The characters are very well-rounded and easy to love, each of them unique with a great deal of personality. The world in which they live is vividly detailed, leaving nothing to the imagination while allowing the reader to become lost in the story. I'd consider this artwork at its finest, a picture painted in words dripping with creativity, talent, and passion for the craft.  The collaboration between C.L. Foster and up-and-coming author E.R. Rada is genius. They compliment each other well without breaking the story. While they each have their own writing style, the chapters flow together nearly seamlessly and, if you had not known better, it would be easy to believe that this book was penned by only one author.  I am looking forward to the next book by these two inspiring novelists, be it a collaboration or solo work. If you haven't picked up Heart of War yet, I urge you to do yourself a favor and take a chance on it.  P.S. My favorite character is Ezra. I'd say it was almost like he was written specifically for me. *wink* <3
I liked this story but not near as much as EG's first two books in this series;&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rumor-Has-It-A-Rockstar-Romance-Limelight-Book-1/dp/B00H28ZM8I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rumor Has It: A Rockstar Romance (Limelight Book 1)</a>, and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Picture-Perfect-Limelight-Book-2/dp/B00JE1YYAI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Picture Perfect (Limelight Book 2)</a>.  This story starts off so slow that I caught my attention drifting...I was daydreaming while reading!  I put this story down several times...something I never do.  What little action there is...well, it drags and characters are slow to connect with.  I kept waiting for something, ANYTHING to happen.  By chapter 10, I was still waiting.  We have two, young movie celebrities...Francesca Leon and Calder Fox.  Calder is a reformed douche and recovering drug addict.  He's a sober/recovering alcoholic with a mess of emotional issues.  He's trying to mend his ways from being a renowned manwhore of Hollywood...trying to salvage his reputation in the movie industry because nobody will hire him.  He's a real hottie and is perfectly aware of his attraction to women and fans and he knows how to work it.  He battles with survivors remorse, guilt and depression among other things.  But he can also be kind and considerate.  He's very sweet and understanding.  Francesca (Frankie) Leon is simply stunning, with her long dark hair and hazel green eyes.  She's the type that takes relationships seriously....she must feel emotionally connected to someone before she acts or pursues someone, or allows them to pursue her.  She doesn't jump easily or randomly.  She's dedicated to her work...she's kind and compassionate.  By chapter 17 this story began to grow on me a little bit even though it was moving at a snails pace.  And don't misunderstand, I like a growing romance.  But this one just wouldn't take off.  I eventually perked up a little when I read that Calder and Francesco had to pretend to "like" each other for publicity purposes while maintaining  their distance --- they had to make it believable that they were a couple to dredge up publicity for the movie they were both starring in.  I thought "finally...this is going somewhere...it's going to pick up the pace".  But... I simply never connected to either of these two characters.  It was too little, too late.  Their interest in each other wasn't believable.  Their attraction wasn't believable.  I liked that Calder experienced so many "firsts".  First time to really get to know a woman before trying to jump her --- first time to appreciate a relationship or even have one --- first time being committed to anything (people/friends, movie set) ----first time being celibate, etc.  As much as I liked him, his feelings of unworthiness and self loathing and thinking he was undeserving of anything overshadowed the plot.  This story was predictable.  A guy with a massive ego and issues doesn't want an emotional relationship, yet begins to feel more than he bargained for and faces getting hurt and relapsing (fall off the wagon).  On the "up side", I liked that there wasn't the usual misunderstandings or false assumptions between the two main characters...they were both open with their questions to each other.  If any confusion or wrong ideas from the paparazzi would begin to arise, they'd talk it out openly.  But the drama was mild and not very interesting.  The conflict wasn't much either....more built up to be a problem that what was actually problematic.  Ms. Grace made lots of silly written mistakes that weren't edited out, like; "...he brushed my hair away from my house"...???!!?!?  It took me 4 days to read this story...that never happens with me.  Not with a story of this short length.
I admire authors who create characters who look and act nothing like them.  Ms. Cheever is a non-black author who took the leap into the BWWM genre ... and, in my opinion, failed miserably with the four novellas contained therein.  In the first novella, the she-wolf is described as "creamy brown," but much later in the story the same she-wolf has "alabaster" skin.  If my webster's dictionary is working correctly, the word "alabaster" is typically used to described white skin.  And then later, yes, in the same novella, we are told that she has pale cheeks. So which is it?  Is this a BWWM story or did the author initially create the story with a white character in mind?  Confused.  Despite the problems I saw with the first novella, I continued to read.  Yes, the four novellas are formulaic [she-wolf meets vampire/wolf man then she-wolf pretends like she never wants to mate then they come together to battle some great evil then they fall in love and mate.  Simple, but the problems persisted (for me anyway).  In the third novella, the she-wolf is described as "ebony" colored.  So, then how does a dark skinned person pale?  And do dark skinned women's nipples resemble cranberries?  Hmm... no.. that would be for another skin color or race.  After reading Ms. Cheever's stories, I really wanted to learn about Lupires and the vampire council.  Great story idea.  I would not, however, want to read this as a BWWM.  Ms. Cheever writes from her own perspective -- so most of her characters that don't look like her still have the same physical attributes (alabaster skin, cranberry nipples, paling when scared, etc.) as she does.  More importantly, there is nothing about these stories (other than the author describing the characters as brown, ebony, earth toned, russet, etc) that would lead anyone to think that the characters are non-white.  Does she have to write a story with a gum cracking, head shaking, finger popping stereotype?  No, but it would be nice to read a BWWM story from Ms. Cheever that made other BW say, "Wow.  I get it.  I do that too."  Although well written and edited with love, I didn't get it.  I'll buy Ms. Cheever's novels in the future because I think she is a great writer and I like her style, but not if its a BWWM novel.
This book contains 2 novellas.... The Crown of the Queen by Jeffe Kennedy... 3.5 stars and The Undying King by Grace Draven... 5+ stars  I have to say if I'd read Jeffe Kennedy's The Twelve Kingdoms series, I probably would've adored The Crown of the Queen. But... I haven't read anything by this author so I was completely lost. There was just too much everything happening regarding crowning a new queen and all the information regarding a huge cast of characters I'd never met before. It's told through the eyes of Dafne, the librarian, and even though the writing is good, I felt like I was just slogging through it, waiting for the romance to start. This was supposed to be a 'romance', but aside from a man flirting with her as they danced and giving her a good-bye kiss in the beginning, that was all the romance there was. I kept reading and reading and wondering why Dafne's HEA hadn't been introduced. Then I started wondering if maybe Dafne was telling the story of the queen's romance with her consort, but that wasn't really it either. In the end, this novella seems like a backstory bridge to another book, which it probably is. As I said before, I might've loved this if I'd read the series.  On to the reason I bought this book... The Undying King. After falling madly in love with Radiance and every other book Grace Draven has written, she is now one of my auto-buy authors. This story is full of love, loss and redemption and my heart broke for both Cededa and Imogen.  Cededa the Fair, or Cededa the Butcher... The Undying King... are perfect names for a king who is unbelievable gorgeous and also who would do anything, ANYTHING, to save his kingdom. He had fallen into myth.. a kingdom lost to time. Imogen is cursed with the touch of death--anyone who touches her skin dies--so she's never known the touch of a lover and never expected to. She's given a key to find his kingdom and told only The Undying King can remove her curse.  There are other plots within plots going on as well, because Imogen is not just some lowly witches' apprentice/daughter and Cededa's kingdom is rumored to hold treasures untold. Retrieving Imogen from Cededa's kingdom becomes another man's quest.  The romance between Imogen and Cededa builds slowly and sweetly and I loved every minute of it. This story is written with such rich imagery, I felt I could see Cededa's kingdom on every page.  I would've purchased this book for The Undying King alone, but I'm glad to have been introduced to Jeffe Kennedy's The Twelve Kingdoms series through The Crown of the Queen.
I loved, loved, loved Tears of Tess. It took me on a journey that I still can't get out of my head. It is filled with darkness, passion, thrilling suspense and some horrific scenes that were cringe worthy and made me cry for Tess. But it was also filled with so much love, desire and lust of a beautiful unconventional love story between Tess and Q and what they go through to be together. Tess is fierce and strong and living an ordinary, boring life. Shes in a relationship which is doing nothing for her, but her boyfriend doesnt understand what she wants or needs. Q Mercer is French, gorgeous, wealthy, well known, broken and really screwed up and he believes he is one sordid monster that he is struggling to live with. He is fighting his desires on a daily basis until he meets Tess and everything changes for him. The circumstances that bring Tess and Q together are extraordinary. I couldn't believe the twists in this story. Will Tess find what she has always wanted in life through the tragedy she goes through? Will Q find what he is looking for or needs in Tess? I found this book to be a dark, twisted romance. It is a page turner from start to finish. I couldn't put it down. One of the best I have read. Pepper really created exceptionally strong characters that embark on an incredible awakening of each other
This jar of strong glycolic cream is the real deal! I have a totally unscientific and brute force way to test potency of glycolic (or vitamin c) products: put a dab on a fresh shaven inner thigh. If it burns, it definitely has potency. This cream burned, OUCH!  (I washed it off that area immediately).  As for usage, the instructions are on the box, so keep it! (They are so short, they really should be on the jar). You are to leave it on feet or elbows 10-15 minutes, then rinse off. However, I use the instructions on dermatologist Cynthia Bailey's web site: use pumice stone after showering, apply cream, and wear socks for eight hours. Here's a little time and hand saver: wash hands, after applying cream (you must) and pumice stone at the same time. Two washings in one. And the pumice stone is much more easily cleaned sooner than later after use.  The result? Noticeable softening of rough skin on feet! Expect an improvement as early as after the first use and even more after 3-5 uses. I am using it every other day for a week, then a week off, then back to every other day, etc. Not exactly, but something like that.  I usually am skeptical about products such as this from somewhere other than a dermatologists' office or authorized brand dealer, but in this case, I'm pretty sure it's the real thing. Also it has an expiration date (some products don't) and the day was way out, not  anytime soon.  I hate pedicures! (except the massage part, I would pay for that if I could get it "a la carte.") This cream, and Dr Hauschuka's nail neem oil, are two products that can help keep you away from the cuticle cutting chair--and, at the same time, reduce your risk of toenail fungus that you may get from a pedicure.
First off the PS3 version of this game did get quite a few bad reviews at first because of all the bugs and the serious lag that kicks in after plalying for a while. but since the newest patch (Patch 1.4) a lot of things have been fixed. I haven't had any problems with the lag since the update, and they fixed the common mission glitches that this game use to have there may still be more but I haven't run into any others.  I will cover the limited edition items before the gameplay since thats the version I am reviewing. The statue is oh my god awesome, it looks great and is a nice addition to my dragon statues. The art book that it comes with has some great art in it that goes over quite a bit of stuff. The Bonus of DVD I haven't actually watched yet since whenever i look at Skyrim i go straight for the game.  Now I was a HUGE fan of Oblivion I put so many fun filled hours into that game and I must say Skyrim is even more awesome than that. It is improved in so many ways. Obviously the graphics are greatly improved the world is just beautiful. The combat is also improved from Oblivion. The Story was just fantastic a bit short but this game has SOOOO many side quests that even after putting over 300 hours into the game I still haven't completed everything. The game has practically all the guilds Oblivion had, it has the mages guild, the thieves guild, the dark brotherhood, and the companions is practically the fighters guild.  They took a few things out, nothing extremly dissapointing though. You can't create your own spells anymore. There is no greaves in this game the cuirass and greaves are just one set of armor, most people im sure wouldn't care but it kinda bugged me. Another thing that im sure most people wouldn't mind is your armor and weapons don't get damaged in this game, I kinda liked that option but I do kinda like it this way so my weapon does't break in battle.  They added some awesome stuff like Smithing, you can create your armor and weapons in the game you may also sharpen your weapons to make them stronger or enhance your armor at a workbench. You can get married, not an amazing option but its pretty cool to do. And quite a bit more cool stuff has been added.  The level up system is definitley better, now every skill level up will go towards a character level not just level up your major skills. You get a perk for every level up you obtain in the game which you can put into whatever skill you want and get different perks for the skills other then set perks depending on your skills level... I probably didn't explain that too well.  I don't have anything bad to say about this game now that the pack has been released. I would definitley recommend this game to any action rpg lover out there i don't see how anyone can be dissapointed by this masterpiece. Its easily one of the best games I have EVER played, I have been playing for the last few months and i'm still having fun with Skyrim.  So yeah this is a must have game.
The title on this exercise DVD does not really match the actual content. "Yoga-Lite for Biblical Worship after Childbirth" may be a better title.  Tonya leads a gentle, soft yoga practice (not powerful as in the title) geared towards intermediate practitioners. There is not a lot of sculpting performed in the practice, although her Yoga routine can provide some toning. She provides very little instruction or beginner options so I would not recommend it if you're looking for a beginner's stretching routine. For instance, during Chaturanga (slow downward movement plank), she does not give the option to lower your knees first, then goes into the full upward dog position. She does bridge pose (an advanced yoga posture) with very little instruction and poor form.  Also, if you're looking for a non-demoninational practice, this is not the DVD for you. She talks specifically about God, Jesus, and Repenting and includes quotes from the bible during what's called the "Spritual Warm-Up", which assumes all spiritual practitioners believe in God and follow the Bible. It felt more like a sermon/lecture to me. This turned me off, specifically since it's marketed as a regular "stretching" video.  The practice is somewhat weak, Tonya's voice is too soft and she does not provide clear enough queues so you have to look up quite often to follow her routine. Moveover, the music is too load and has church-based singing which even more overpowers her delicate voice.  The introduction video section has Tonya and her single student showing their new babies. It is commendable that they both just gave birth and have made a video. All the proceeds go to "Acres 4 Life" which helps people in Africa learn to farm their land, which is awesome! I really appreciate their efforts and work helping people with their loving kindness, but again, it would be better to be straight forward in their marketing that their efforts have religious undertones. It's not that I don't support them, but they should be clear on the cover of the DVD that the proceeds will be used for religious-based projects.  If you're looking for a couple excellent (non-demoninational) well produced stretching DVD's, I would recommend the following: Full Body Stretch by Karen Voight <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Full-Body-Stretch/dp/B00467182C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Full Body Stretch</a>  Cool it Off by Mary Schaefer <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cool-It-Off-Debbie-Siebers-Slim-Series-Stretch-Recovery-Workout-DVD/dp/B000A3XER8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cool It Off - Debbie Siebers' Slim Series: Stretch/Recovery Workout ( DVD)</a>  Total Body Stretching by Cathe Friedrich <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cathe-Friedrich-s-Total-Body-Stretching-DVD/dp/B000B872PC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cathe Friedrich's Total Body Stretching DVD</a> and Stretch Max <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stretch-Max-with-Cathe-Friedrich/dp/B001E65A8G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stretch Max with Cathe Friedrich</a>  Deep Stretch with Mimi Solaire <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Deep-Stretch-Yin-Yoga-with-Mimi-Solaire/dp/B001JT6Y8S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Deep Stretch/ Yin Yoga with Mimi Solaire</a> and Back in Shape <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Back-in-Shape/dp/B0001BRMUE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Back in Shape</a>  Save Your Lower Back with Annetee Fletcher <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Save-Your-Lower-Back-Release-Strengthen-Stretch-with-Annette-Fletcher/dp/B00097C4B2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Save Your Lower Back - Release, Strengthen, Stretch with Annette Fletcher</a> and Stretch & Joint Mobility <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stretch-and-Joint-Mobility-Therapy/dp/B00095MBNK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stretch and Joint Mobility Therapy</a>  Pilates for Flexibility by Amy Brown <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pilates-for-Life-Pilates-for-Flexibility/dp/B000BNKB14/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pilates for Life: Pilates for Flexibility</a>
After recently seeing a Bob Newhart performance at the Wilbur Theater in Boston, in which Bob received two separate standing ovations, I decided to finally buy the complete series box set of "The Bob Newhart Show."  Therefore, I have no problems with the earlier releases of the first four seasons of the show.  In addition, although the video quality isn't of high-definition quality, the episodes are eminently watchable.  All problematic issues were soon forgotten after I started watching the show.  Bob Newhart was one of the first successful stand-up comedians to star in a TV sitcom.  That started a trend that continued with Tim Allen, Ray Romano, Jerry Seinfeld, and many others.  In addition, the show was not cancelled by CBS because of poor ratings.  After six successful seasons, Bob decided that is was time to end the series.  The writing on the show perfectly suited Bob's personality and comedic style.  The casting choices were uniformly excellent, especially with Suzanne Pleshette as Bob's wife Emily.  Special mention must be made of Jack Riley as Bob's patient Elliot Carlin, who appeared in 56 of the 142 episodes.  To say that he is an unforgettable character is an understatement.  The box set also includes an informative booklet, which gives a brief synopsis of each episode, along with its original airdate.  What really makes this box set special are the bonus features.  Audio commentary is provided on several episodes.  The bonus disc includes the original, unaired pilot.  In it, Peter Bonerz plays Dr. Jerry Robinson as another psychologist, instead of an orthodontist.  Marcia Wallace does not appear as secretary Carol Kester, nor does Bill Daily appear as nutty navigator and neighbor Howard Borden.  The 19th Anniversary special is also included.  It takes place on the day after Bob had a dream about being a Vermont innkeeper named Dick Loudon.  The most surreal moment of the special is when they show a clip of Bill Daily as Major Roger Healey on the "I Dream Of Jeannie" TV series.  The bonus disc also includes "Group Therapy," which was recorded in Los Angeles in December of 2013.  It's a nostalgic discussion of the show with Bob Newhart, Peter Bonerz, Bill Daily, Jack Riley, and director Michael Zinberg.  Sadly, Suzanne Pleshette and Marcia Wallace had both passed away, and are sorely missed in the discussion group.  Bob and Bill do show their age, while Peter has held up well.  Sadly, Jack Riley had a stroke, and is confined to a motorized wheelchair.  This look back to when they were all in their prime is bittersweet, as time has taken its toll on all of the participants.  Fortunately, the TV show's comedy is timeless, and has held up very well over the years.
This movie is of the kind that used to be known as a "star vehicle" back in Hollywood's Golden Age. Harrison Ford is such a likable movie star, and one that audiences can always put their faith in. It's as if his sole reason for getting up in the morning is to entertain, and this he has been doing like no one else for 40 years.  "Air Force One" (1997) is just a classic action adventure movie. Ford is the President, flying from Moscow aboard the presidential airplane back to Washington, along with his family and many staffers. The plane has not been in the air long when Gary Oldman, (excellent as always), pops up as the leader of a gang of Russian terrorists who hijack the plane, hellbent on having the President release a hostage who is a general and folk hero. Of course, the US does not negotiate with terrorists -- or does it?  The Oldman-led terrorists are vicious, but not brilliant. They completely lose track of the president, and he manages to escape into the belly of the plane. His family and staff don't know where he is, either. He manages to use his cell phone to call the White House -- whether that would work or not, I don't know. In any case, he and everyone in the Situation Room devise a plan to neutralize the bad guys and rescue the good guys. It may be far-fetched, yet clichd, predictable stuff, but a good cast, entertaining story and pretty good dialogue make it seem less so.  Ford mutters to himself better than any actor, and he gets to do a good bit of that while he's below decks. He is always a step ahead of the terrorists, and he and Oldman face off well. There are some nice little twists and turns.  Don't expect a tremendous amount from "Air Force One." and it won't disappoint. The most startling difference in movies like this made in the late 1990s and those made in the mid-2010s is in the special effects. CGI has completely changed the look of movies, and allows for much greater suspension of disbelief. The action sequences in "Air Force One" would have benefited from the now-ubiquitous process, but you can't work with what you don't have.
Pressed for time, but a quick review: Took me a while to realize the subtleties of a compressor. Finally made the decision due to trying to control dynamics and even out attack when amp master is cranked. Running the SP as first in my effects chain in front of a Blues Junior NOS, using a Strat w/Texas Specials. I did not expect the tonal aspects of this pedal. As a clean boost, this pedal makes my amp sparkle. Beautiful full, super clean tone with just the right amount of breakup for pick attack.  Very solid and well built little unit with very good loocks. When you crank either knob, the noise floor is amplified; I think this is more of an issue with equipment noise, not the SP. The manual specifically points this out, so if you hear people complain about noise, it might not be a fair assessment. Important to know that it's very easy to dial in the noise by adjusting the knobs. I've been able to get the tone I want with no noise at all.  Compressor evens out dynamics and adds sustain. I prefer the mid-compression toggle selection. Haven't played with the internal dip switches that affect attack. Not interested in this level of refinement right now. Enjoy playing with the volume and blend knobs -- so many great tones.  Not usually into pedal aesthetics, but this is a sexy piece of kit. The LED shines through the translucent knobs and looks like eye candy. Only issue is that it's so thin it can tend to tip to either side with the weight of cables. Haven't been able to velcro it down yet. Only play in bedroom and cannot give feedback on stage worthiness.  This is definitely going to be an always-on pedal. So glad I bought this. Unexpected all-star. Can't wait to try out more Xotic products.
I already owned a Hohner Instructor 32 and Performer 37, but when I saw the price for the Hurricane Harps S32 I just couldn't pass up the deal. Now that I have it, I'm beginning to wonder whether most of these melodicas are made in the same factories and are simply branded differently. This one is nearly identical to the Hohner Instructor 32. The plastic molding is clearly the same, literally identical. The main differences between the Hohner and this one are the finishing touches, the mouthpieces, and the cases. The Hurricane Harps S32 doesn't have quite the high-gloss sheen of the Hohner, you can still see faint swirl marks from where the Hurricane Harps melodica was buffed after casting whereas the Hohner is completely polished and shiny. The handles on both melodicas are identical in pattern and material but the Hurricane Harps' handle is white and the Hohner's is black. The mouthpieces that came with the Hurricane are a straight one and a tube with a straight end, while the Hohner has more of a goose neck mouthpiece and the tube has a 90 degree elbow at the bottom to reduce the amount of bending required when playing on a tabletop. The Hohner's case/bag is made of nicer fabric but the Hurricane Harps case has metal buckles and clips (plastic on the Hohner). Both melodicas sound pretty much the same, though the Hohner has slightly better reed response on the highest couple of notes. The price difference between this and the Hohner seems to pay for cosmetic features more than functional ones.  One or two other reviews here stated that this melodica doesn't have a spit valve, which is simply not true. This melodica has a spit valve on the bottom just like all melodicas, you don't have to take out the screws and open the thing up just to let the moisture out.  This is a fine melodica and for a great price. You really can't go wrong with this one!
Love the Texas Heat. It does cleans well and a nice hint of midrange comes through with overdrive. The speaker is somewhat neutral. It will pretty much do what you want it to do. If you scoop the mids on your tone controls the TH handles that well. Push the mids and it hangs with the program well. Highs are nice without being piercing. The highs settled down somewhat once you get a couple hours playing time through the speaker too. Bottom end is solid and tight. I've never been disappointed with either a closed back or open back install. I've put these in so many cabs, amps etc. Currently I have a 4x12 loaded with them and I replaced the speaker in my Peavey Vypyr 75 with one. The Vypyr was a total experiment. Since it's a modeling amp it needs to recreate many different tones. The TH pulls it off well - much better than the Vypyr's stock speaker. The Vypyr in stock form sounds decent. But its speaker has a pretty thick/heavy cone and it is relatively hi-fi sounding. The result is that the amp sounds a bit sterile. The TH solved that. It sounds much more like a guitar amp now - if that makes any sense. There is a more woody, natural element to the amp's tones now.
Beautiful!!! This case looks great on the outside. The brass hardware is a gorgeous accent to the tweed and brown leather. On the down side, I really wish they would have used a brown leather handle instead of the plastic handle it can with. It would have been that much more comfortable. Secondly, the screwheads on the feet aren't quite recessed enough. I placed my case on a table and bumped it and left a three inch scratch on the surface of the wood table. Bummer. Lesson learned.  The inside is plush, great funky vintage color, perfect fit for a strat. Two small compartments provide just enough space for most things. I wish there was a larger recess for the bottom strap button. I have fender locking strap buttons and I cant leave the strap attached and set the guitar in the case. But to me, Im nitpicking.  I wouldnt choose another case over this for my purposes. But if you need something that can withstand a bit more wear and tear, don't get the tweed.
This printer is awesome!  The first one that I received was defective.  After a 30 minute call to HP customer service, a new one was on the way.  The new one works perfectly and we have not had any issues in a month since we received it.  Things I really like about this printer are:  It is very quiet and fast. Printer range is great and we can print from anywhere in our house and even from the garage.  It uses very little ink - in a month we are still using the initial ink cartridges that came with the printer.  It has a small footprint and the only wired connection is for power.  2 sided printing is great and totally automatic.  You can use heavyweight card stock in the printer.  HP customer service was fast, efficient and complete - about a week after receiving the new printer, they gave me a follow up call to ensure it was working properly.  Ink jet nozzles don't clog up immediately like all of our past Epson printers.  Touchscreen makes a great user interface.  For a low priced printer, I cannot think of any cons.  Very glad we chose this printer and we feel its a great value.
Once assembled the product is exactly what I wanted which was an electric with no charcoal and gas fuss and most importantly a rotisserie. It's light weight, 23 pounds or so, and as long as you have an electrical outlet you can use the product. The heating element were able to be adjusted to one of 3 different positions which was what I wanted, flat, 45 degrees, and perpendicular, or verticle position for rotisserie function which I really wanted.  My product search showed no other product available that did this and was the clincher for buying the product. Now the downside: 1. The package was delivered and left out in the rain and got soaked but did not damage the product. We all know plastic bags are available.  FedEx was the culprit. Just irresponsible. 2. The assembly brochure is written hieroglyphics. Blurry illustrations and badly written text explanations. It's a mishmash of information intermingling several different models.  I had to look at the carton to determine what model I bought by manufacturers part number to tie in the instructions. 3. The nuts and bolts assembly required did not include lock washers...now really, we all know things come lose without washers, which I had in my workshop and provided myself...we are talking pennies here. 4. The temperature adjustment dial had numbers printed on the circular label that was of a font size and style that was barely readable. Large more readable numbers would be nice.    Items 1-4 are minor in the overall and easily corrected. I imagine there is a YouTube page showing the product assembly and if not should be. I did not check to see and the product information did not reference a page that I recall.    By the way, ran the product through the fully adjustable temperature range and it worked fine and had it set at the highest range to burn off any left on manufacturing oils even after I washed down the internal surfaces with a mild detergent...<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Easy-Street-Electric-Tabletop-Grill-with-easy-view-window-and-rotisseri/dp/B0007XXNS6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Easy Street Electric Tabletop Grill with easy-view window and rotisseri</a>....now to put that tasty chicken on the spit and use the rotisserie. 5. I was left with a bolt, nut, and small flange assembly which I have not a clue of how it's used.
Out of the three Bliss Garden Terrariums I bought, this is my absolute favorite.  It includes a tiny air plant, three different colors of moss, a branched stick, a sea urchin shell, sand, a thin glass terrarium globe that looks like a tipped brandy snifter, and a set of instructions.  The components come wrapped in tissue paper or bubble wrap, but loose in the box so you may have to hunt for them.  (There isn't a single, giftable box containing everything.)  Except for the pedestal portion, the glass is extremely thin and therefore fragile.  From base to top, it measures about 5".  Assembly took about ten minutes and is easier if you use tweezers, although fingers are fine.  All you do is dump the sand in the bottom and arrange the rest according to your preferences.  The air plant must be submerged in water before adding.  You'll have to water the plant in this way about once a week, so make sure you can remove it without disturbing the rest.  I placed mine on top of the sea urchin hole, as per the product photo, and the base of the plant is a little too big (or the sea urchin too small) for a perfect fit, which means its more balanced there than inside.  This makes a unique and beautiful gift, although you'll have to find a small box that will fit everything because it doesn't come in any form that is truly gift-able, something I hope the company will rectify in the future.  (If you pre-assemble it, the scene is unlikely to make it to its destination intact.)  I've paired this pedestal terrarium with a teardrop one and a succulent globe, and they are substantial enough together to draw your eye to them.  -- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
I bought this as a last resort before purchasing an eCollar for our 15# Jack Russell who-knows-what mix and our 32# Beagle-Schnauzer mix.  Both are adopted and lovable most of the time, but once the doorbell rings, the school bus stops, or someone walks past our house, they start uncontrollable, loud and embarrassing  barking, which frightens many children and people.  We had tried a citronella collar which worked ok, but  it would go off on its own or when a dog close-by barked so it was not a good training tool.  And within six months the collar stopped working. We then spent more  money on odd-size batteries which didn't help. A costly waste.  I thought I would give this whistle a try.  I actually had tried a less expensive whistle at one point, but it had no effect.  But after seeing so many positive reviews on this whistle, I thought I would try it.  It was amazing.  It made our Jack Russell mix stop barking immediately and just look at me.  It didn't seem to have any effect on our Sneagle (vet's name for her), but after a couple frequency adjustments, she, too, calmed down and stopped barking.  I've only had it 24 hours and hopefully it continues to work on them. If so, it is a life saver.  I'll advise how it goes over time.  (Additional comment):  I thought the instructions on how to adjust the frequency were not detailed enough to be helpful and there is nothing at all on there website about how to adjust it.  You must first pull off the black case that attaches over the whistle.  You just pull it off hard.  The adjustment circular screw is near the bottom of the whistle.  Adjust it as you blow to see what works best on your dog.  After you find the frequency you want, tighten the circular screw and replace the black rubber cover.  Luckily, both of my dogs respond to one frequency.  If you have multiple dogs, you may need multiple whistles with different frequencies.  I plan on getting another whistle or two to keep one at the back door for when they are in the yard and one near the front door for traffic there.
My cats love this new Drinkwell Pet Fountain.  Can't believe how much a difference it makes in how the cats drink their water.  And my dogs also love this unit.  Prior to this I had a 64 oz container that refilled the drinking well as the cats drank the water down.  This units aerates the water and I guess that makes it more palatable to the cats and dogs.  Easy to refill the container.  Just pick it straight up from the unit, no water spills as the automatic shutoff drops down and holds what little water is left in the reservoir.  When refilling, I turn the reservoir into the install position before I carry it back to the unit.  That way, the shut off holds the water without spilling.  Easy to clean.  I disassemble the unit when cleaning in a sink.  Nothing much to that.  I purchased a vinyl pet mat with a lip to go under mine, as one of my cats likes to paw at the running water. One cat must have liked the smell, as he started rolling in the floor as if Catnip was present.  I purchased this unit.  It was not provided for a positive review. I highly recommend this unit.
<div id="video-block-R2Q1B371A5187B" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1nWtkPlhIS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61F-9sr8dvS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I got the toy thinking it would be more of a challenge for my 2and a half year old 43Ibs border collie mix than the hide a squirrel I have(which is barely even a "puzzle" for him). I squeeked the eggs, and showed him me putting it in the platypus. At first he just played with the platypus squeeking the eggs through it. He didn't get it. I took something familiar, the squirrel from the hide a squirrel, and put it in the platypus with its tail sticking out so it's obvious. He pulled it out like he would with the plush tree stump. I praise, and with a couple of more trys I change it to the egg. I don't put the egg all the way in at first. When he pulled the egg, I praised him and gradually put the eggs deeper into the toy. Now he knows how it works and can pull all the eggs out in seconds.(I then get my dog to fetch all the eggs so I can fill it up for him again)  It's now really a challenge for him, but he has fun playing with it, which is the point. He loves squeeking the eggs, and not really interested in the platypus shell. He did chew up one egg with his molars, but good thing the toy come with two extra eggs.  On the downside, I suspect that the praising when pulling the eggs out of the toy taught him to pull all the stuffing out of the other regular toys he has. He wasn't really into that before, and now he pulls out the stuffings with much excitement and enthusiasm. If your dog alraedy enjoys that then the platypus toy give him an alternative. Another thing is that the stitchings on the opening on the toy's stomach has stretched, almost about to pop out, but it's not really noticable so I don't really care.  The egg babies toy is a good one that is different from your regular stuffed animal dog toy. It is more interactive. I would recommend it to other people.
Wow! I've been thinking about upgrading my tubes to LEDs for a while; after getting to the point where about six bulbs and one ballast were dead, I decided to take the plunge. I ended up spending $95 on this purchase, rather than spending about $75 on the bulbs and a replacement ballast, so for just $25 I upgraded six fixtures to all-LED lighting.  Those four fixtures were each four-bulb fixtures, but I had already been okay with lower light levels with a few bulbs burnt out. So I figured I would just install two of these bulbs and see how it looked. In short, each one of these tubes are MUCH brighter than a pair of five year old fluorescent bulbs. So the overall light level went UP when I went from four bulbs to two LED tubes. And my power consumption went down from 250 watts per room to 48.  So doing the math, at about six hours a day, I have saved $16 per bulb per year - and since the bulbs were just $8 each, these bulbs will pay for themselves in just six months.  Installation was very easy. I'm handy with tools, so your experience may differ. But the instruction sheet was very clear, and I made SURE before I started that I had shunted "tombstone" bulb holders that would be compatible with these dual-end-wired tubes. (One of my fixtures was non-shunted; since I had to remove a lot of extra wire during the conversion, I simply shunted them myself and still had quite a bit of wire to discard.) It took me under ten minutes per four-bulb fixture, and the resulting wiring was a lot simpler than with a ballast.  The bulbs fit perfectly. The pins are slightly smaller diameter than regular fluorescent tubes, so they were not quite as tight as I wanted in the press-in tombstones (but they were fine in the older twist-in tombstones); however, they are tight enough to stay put, and these tubes are pretty light.  Since I just installed these today, I naturally can't report on reliability, but I'm not really concerned; the quality looked decent and they were well-packaged.  In my mind, the only negative was that the clear (non-frosted) tubes mean easily visible bright bands across the fixture diffuser plastic. But that was my choice, since frosted tubes waste lumens and I would have had less light.  I highly recommend these bulbs.
Pros: * Easy and automatic daily backup of all your Windows computers * Easy file sharing * Familiar Windows GUI * Great for non-techies but only after it's setup correctly * Low system requirements by today's standards * Easily add to storage by just adding drives to make one "big pot" of storage * Easily set up a shared folder that duplicates files across more than one HD in case one HD fails (just toggle a setting)  Cons: * BEWARE! When upgrading to an SSD, I found out that WHS would not restore to a smaller partition than the original. Instead, I had to use Acronis TrueImage to do this - which worked great, BTW. * The restore disc did not detect any network interfaces on a Dell 1525 notebook... so a bit of a hassle since correct drivers would have to be found for it to restore. * Terrible policy of having to do a "server reinstallation" to use an OEM key when you use the trial version. This loses all your settings and installed programs but supposedly not your data... plus you have to download and install a ton of updates (80+ as of mid Jan 2010, and then another 9 on the "second pass"), all over again. * Not only the above, but also had to reinstall the connector on all the machines to get the connection back to the server. Very disappointing. * Driver problems - some drivers may be non-existent or difficult to get. I had to stick an old 10/100 Intel network card in the machine so that it could get on the Internet and get the right network drivers for my Gigabyte motherboard (Marvell Yukon 88E8056). And I had to do this TWICE because I had to do the server reinstallation. * If you have to deal with what I did, then setup could take you a lot longer than you'd expect. * Can't easily use a USB external drive to backup your Windows Home Server if you also want to backup the backups. I wanted to backup everything, including the backups, to a 2TB ioSafe waterproof/fireproof external USB HD but it would only backup the shares and not the backups. However, it seems this can be done manually so I created a script to copy the data directory to the external ioSafe drive and I will set this script to run weekly. Take a look at the Microsoft Technical Brief on Backup and Restore on what to do. * No easy encryption, especially to external USB drives where you might want it more, but you might be able to use TrueCrypt to provide encryption. * Difficulty activating even after a server reinstallation - got message number 32777 - had to fiddle with Internet Explorer settings to get it to work - see Microsoft Support Article 816897 if you have this problem too  The Test: * I'm simulating a failure by changing out the SSD in a Gateway T-6836 with Intel T5750 CPU notebook computer running Vista x64 (changing from an OCZ 60GB Solid to a Kingston 40GB SSD that uses the Intel 2nd generation controller). * I downloaded the latest WHS Restore CD (2009-11-23) from Microsoft and installed it. It placed a CD ISO image in the installation directory and I used the Windows Disc Image Burner tool (included in Windows 7) to burn the CD. * I removed the old OCZ SSD from the notebook and installed the new Kingston one. * I booted from the restore CS and it asked me if I was restoring a computer with less than 512MB of memory or 512MB or more of memory (shouldn't it be able to figure this out?) - I have more than 512MB so I chose that option. * Looks like it booted into a version of Vista. * It asked me about drivers - looks like all the needed drivers were already available (good) - otherwise I had the option to provide/install them. * It looked for my Windows Home Server and found it - then asked me for the WHS password. * It asked me what computer to restore and from which backup day. It defaulted to the correct computer. * It asked me some questions about the restore disk and I had the option to use a "Disk Manager" but I didn't. * Restore started about 2:58PM and finished (reported SUCCESSFULLY) about 3:36 PM so about 38 minutes to restore 28.7GB of used space according to the properties dialog for the C drive (The new SSD is a value SSD and has a slow sequential write speed of about 40MB/s - its biggest downside). * FINAL RESULT: It works smoothly! I did not run into any problems that can be attributed to WHS while restoring the system. Couldn't have been much simpler.  Other: * Based on Windows Server 2003 * Giving it 4 stars out of 5 because once it is setup, it's easy to use and works well, but the setup and activation itself was very poor. * I installed RealVNC so I could access the desktop easily. I prefer it over the Microsoft provided solution (Remote Desktop).
I've been a TurboTax user for quite a long time, and the tax prep software has been fantastic.  There's several small things that as I sit here to write this I probably can't remember.  It's just when you're doing your taxes, you go "That's cool", and move on. :)  I do love the ability to check against my own stupidity in entering things incorrectly.  This software is great at what it does.  Properly file my taxes.  Usually finds me a few bucks better in deductions and all that, too.  Honestly, it's tax software.  Hard to write a lot about it.  We all know about filing taxes, this software does that well.  However, about the pricing which most people seem to be talking about..  I don't have a problem with this move. Mostly because I only file one return, and I e-File. For me, this move saves me $5. The program has traditionally cost me about $20 (I buy basic), and then I efile, so my cost in the last few years was $35. Amazon is currently selling this for $30, so I'll save $5.  If I was someone who did multiple efiles then I might feel differently, but for me, this is a positive. I'm not naive, I can see where people might have issues with this due to situation. That I don't have a problem with.  However, a lot of the complaints I'm reading here are from people who seem to like to complain.  God help you if you have a positive opinion about something, you get branded stupid, your opinion is invalid. It seems that the only way you can be accepted anymore on the Internet is to have a negative opinion. Sigh.  Edit: Since I posted this review, I saw some additional text go up on the product description for TurboTax.  This text reads "FREE: 5 federal e-files and unlimited printed returns included with every TurboTax 2008 product."  This was not part of my original review, and it seems to imply Intuit has backed off some of the initial E filing limits.  As I have not filed, I cannot attest to how this actually works at this time.
Having worked with Windows 8.1 for a while now, and having also worked with various other devices/operating systems, here are my opinions:  Windows 8.1 vs Windows 8.0: Why compare?  The upgrade is free and there is nothing but upside.  Windows 8.1 vs Windows 7: In my opinion, Windows 8.1 has all the functionality of Windows 7, and then some.  Some folks really seem upset at how the start menu was changed, but it took me about a day to adjust to that.  You can still find all of your apps using the same keystrokes (or mouse clicks) that you already used.  The "look" of the tiles popping up rather than a long list of apps has changed, but that's really it.  My advice - if you're already on Windows XP or later, ignore the naysayers and make the upgrade (assuming your PC is compatible).  Then give yourself a week of using it steadily before you pass judgment.  Windows 8.1 vs Mac OS: In my opinion, Windows 7 pretty much gave me all the benefits of the Mac OS (I know I'll get some negative comments for that, but I truly did use both and came back to Windows when they came out with Win 7).  So, based on my previous paragraph, I think Windows 8.1 compares well to the Mac OS.  Unless you're using Windows 8.1 in tablet mode, I don't think I'd go so far as to say it is vastly superior to Mac - only comparable.  Windows 8.1 vs iPad: This assumes you're using a tablet with Win 8.1 (I'm using a Surface Pro).  I tried using an iPad for a few years and other than playing games, surfing the web and checking email, it never seemed to be a great device for me.  I wanted something I could type notes into and even work on documents.  I tried adding a keyboard and apps that worked with Microsoft Office.  But just never seemed to quite work for me.  Essentially, I only did the kinds of things with my iPad that I would do with a phone.  With Windows 8.1 on a tablet device, I get nearly all the benefits of an iPad (though iPads do still have some advantages in tablet mode, such as form factor, weight and battery life - but none of those matter much if I can't be productive) AND I get all the advantages of a laptop PC.  And without lugging two devices all over the place.  Using Win 8.1, I dock my Surface Pro at the office and it is a full powered desktop computer with fullsize keyboard, mouse and monitor.  When working with clients, I have a small keyboard, or I have a stylus that allows me to take handwritten notes and draw pictures (this can be a big deal when you're consulting - a keyboard puts a "wall" between you and a client, and trying to use a stylus with an iPad to take notes was a non-starter for me).
I am in no way a yoga expert. I am a beginner who first started on borrowed mats. When I decided to purchase my own, my first stop was a Target I was in, their mats seemed fine, but I wanted to do some research first.  One thing I knew going in was that I wanted the most padding possible because I'm sensitive to hard surfaces when doing many yoga positions and exercises (especially anything involving balancing on my tush and/or tailbone). Many reviews here say this mat is thicker than many others. That, as well as the average five star review and the non-slip extra were reasons for my purchase.  Upon first opening it, the mat seemed shockingly thin; it was certainly thinner than my expectations based on the previous mats I've used which seemed to be lesser quality. But I stepped on, tried a few of my problematic poses and I was pleasantly surprised. Perhaps this mat is just as thick as my borrowed mats but something about the material makes it not flatten under my weight as much as previous mats. I'm just hoping that this doesn't mean my borrowed mats used to perform the same way but flattened overtime, and so I hope it doesn't happen with this mat as well. Time will tell.  There's a definite and strong "direct off the factory machine" smell as soon as you break open the cellophane. I'm not worried; I'm certain that smell will go away. I actually like it; it's the scent of guarantee that it's brand-new. :)  The texture feels similar to the previous mats I tried, with just a bit more rigidness to it. This is not bad; it's not uncomfortable and it is not rough. It helps me feel like it has extra grip so I won't slip on it, and it won't slip along the floor.  I purchased the Earth color, and it looks just as it does in the photograph. Obviously I can't say this about the other colors as I have no in person view of them.  I found it interesting how it was rolled up thinking that because the bottom side would lay against the top side when olled up, it had to be rolled the opposite way. Of course, no matter which direction you roll it, the top will make contact with the underside. Oops. I now believe the purpose of the pre-rolled direction is so the mat curves towards the floor when laid out so as not up to curl up towards the ceiling.  For some reason I thought this came with a carrying case, it does not. Do they sell yoga mats cases by themselves? (Not including a caring case is not enough to take away a star in the review.)  So, aside from the not included holder I'm pretty happy with this product so far. Of course I've just received it and haven't spent extensive time on it, I try to update my reviews in cases like this with how the product has been holding up over time.
Used this for the first time today. I have to say that I love it. Its well made, easy to use, fast to inflate and put away. Made a couple stupid mistakes the first time out, but I also inflated it at the launch site, put it in and headed up the river.  Most of the time I will use it by myself, but did take a friend with me. It had way more room than I anticipated. As long as you shove the back seat as far back as you can, it will gain you a few extra inches. Just slightly punch each side back and forth and it does go back further than just pushing it together with 2 hands. (hard to explain, but made a big difference). The heights of the 2 of us was 59 and 56. We were both comfortable.  Love the pro seats. Really comfortable. Dont feel like Kayak seats. Great support and I didn't even use the blue support straps (because I didn't look closely at the instructions). The only down side to these seats is that it takes a lot longer to dry, but easy to take inside the condo (I live in a high-rise) to re-inflate and fully let the canvas dry. I still wouldnt go with the lighter weight deluxe ones  The double inflate valves makes it inflate and deflate really fast. I didn't need to use the pump. Once you unscrew the lower valve the air comes right out. You just have to really catch the water that is trapped all the way in the bow and particularly the stern. Still easy to dry to put away.  I wish it came with bungy cords across the bow to stow things like a life jacket if its in a place thats not mandatory to wear but I can probably come up with something to make it work.  Regardless this is a great Kayak in all ways. Cant wait to see the fall colors change next month.  I would suggest that if you are deflating it in a grassy area that you put it on a plastic tarp. It makes it easier so that you don't have to continually dry off the grass thats stuck to it because it was wet. Use camping chamois towels to dry it off. They absorb a lot of water and are so much less bulky than a regular towel.
I have carried a lot of cheap knives while I was in the Marines. Mostly because they were tools and I didn't mind throwing them away if I broke them. (ok and also because I was on a budget:) My favorite knife to this point was my Kabar and my cold steel recon one half serrated folder. I have had the folder for 17 years and just broke the tip the other day. Decided to step into the $100 and beyond folding knives for my replacement now that I am retired and make more money. I was skeptical because the HK  (Koch is pronounced coke btw) was going to replace my old trusted and true knife which has seen me through three wars and was as dependable as they come. Well the HK arrived yesterday and I was really impressed whn I pulled it out of the box. Some knives you know right away aren't going to be good, well this one I knew right away Was going to be good. The handle has excellent grip and although it has a slight plastic feel, still feels solid due to metal liners. Blade is responsive and snaps into place quickly and holds securely. I have some cheap open assist knives like the SOG which are Ok but I like the feel of a responsive blade and not having to wonder if today is the day that the spring is going to fail. Good teeth on the serrated edge and I really like the shape of the blade not too fat or skinny. One drawback on a lot of knives is the clip being either too loose or too tight. Well this one was like goldilocks and was just right. I had no problems getting my knife out or putting it back one handed. I am a roof inspector now and wore this one in the rain all day cutting open various items. I have never had a blade move to the number one spot as quickly as this, but the HK is a solid workhorse. If you are on the fence about this knife I would recommend buying it. I also ordered the Benchmade Adamas 275 but at almost double the price that one may be just a defense weapon when it gets here. Best of luck  Pros for me are: No slip grip Clip Open/Closing Size  Cons for me are: Price Slight plastic feel of handle
It's called a shop heater, but don't expect it to put out tons of heat. Your shop better be insulated. I bought this because I've had good success with another Optimus product, and they have 3-year warranties and wanted something for the shop/garage.  Physical: The build quality and design actually seem pretty decent, and seems fairly durable, although time will tell. The knobs and the plastic are pretty good quality with smooth action in the switches. The handle is actually very convenient. It is not a heavy device by any means but the handle really makes it simple to move around.  A cool feature is the base/stand. It allows tilting of the heater up or down as needed. Although it's not explained in the manual there is a little screw in the box. This screw goes into the side of the heater where it connects to the stand. It stops the heater from turning too far up or down. This isn't shown in the picture.  The casing is made of metal and so is the fan and stand. One great thing is that the case is always cool to the touch, even after hours of being on.  Operation: There are two dials, one for the 2 heat settings and fan-only mode, and the other which is a thermostat. The thermostat is a great idea, but unfortunately I had inconsistent results. Using my thermometer I would see how many degrees the temp would fall before it kicked on. Sometimes it would be perfect with only a degree or so before it turned on, and sometimes it takes about 5-6 degrees before it starts. A bit too much sometimes. I took one star off for this.  It has a light that comes on when the heater is plugged in, regardless of whether it is turned on. It also has a a caution light that comes on when it overheats maybe? This is not explained in the manual, but it has come on for me, oddly enough only when I turn the heater to fan mode and rarely at that.  This heater is not silent. You can easily hear it through walls and doors.  Overall I like this heater. It's small, and easily portable. It heats and maintains a mid-sized, insulated room pretty easily  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the thermostat issue and that I like my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Optimus-H-5210-Infrared-Quartz-Radiant-Heater/dp/B000GG8DWA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Optimus H-5210 Infrared Quartz Radiant Heater</a>&nbsp;so much. It's only $20 right now. It warms your body instantly instead of waiting for the air to warm, doesn't dry the air out, and it's silent.
I was on the search for another Worker Placement game and narrowed it down to this.  As usual, I played a practice game by myself to get a feel for the rules and help with teaching the game later. I wasn't too sure if my game group would like the game after doing this because I got this sort of  "meh" feeling. I liked the army mechanic within the game, but the rest failed to excite me. This extra board game sense I have aquired over the years could not be any more wrong.  Then came the normal mental battles of anybody who has played a good worker placement game. Frustration of being blocked out of spaces, decisions of what is more important getting the card that gives me a scroll each round or army to get cards with more points or geez I could use some more coin... Players strategically placing their numbered meeples to block others from using certain actions was cutthroat, but no less than we have played in games like Stone Age.  The unique (to us) Army mechanic was definitely the best part of the game to me and also a viable way to victory. A player only went for military and won a game. Another had a good mix of military and empire points also won a game and yet another focused only on their empire also did very well. I also thought the army mechanic rules were going to be tough to follow, but an explanation that worked well was: You can't retire an army that is off fighting for you and they are too tired to fight again if they already battled something this round.  Other Pros: It was easy to teach with very little fiddly rules. Scoring was also very easy to understand, the board was beautiful and yet not complicated to look at. Cards are delightful to look at and easy to understand the icons. Usually our run time limit for a game is 90minutes, each 4 player game we played took a little over an hour...perfect. The order in which things happen each round is simple to follow and there isn't an overwhelming amount of choices, but just enough.  The only cons I could see were were fairly minor. The cards are flimsy and I would have liked better quality material used. I found it odd that a coin is used as the round marker. Couldn't one of those coins on the punch sheet been designed as something different to look at for a round marker? Another player picked it up asking whose coin it was and realized right away after she did it that it was the round marker. The Empire cards seemed a bit off balance. I could care less about using the "I can place a meeple on the Get Another Meeple Space even if somebody else is there", but I needed the card to be able to add more to my empire. Whereas the next card power flipped was so much more universally useful to all players. Some kind of secret points would have been nice too. I found myself looking over at other players and adding up their points in my head during the game. Other than storing cards, not much of anything secret going on.  Overall, I would recommend this to anybody looking for a fun medium weight worker placement game.
My first mSR was an experience in frustration. It flew erratically, hovered poorly and darted backwards at incredible speed. Trimming it out was impossible even though the dual rate was set at beginner; anyone in the room with it was at risk. The mSR made a screeching growl as it flew and needed full forward trim with the forward control pressed to its limit in order to launch. The reviews and my experience didn't match up so after a few weeks of trying to get used to the controls it was returned. The replacement was very different. It hovered right out of the box, requiring very little trimming. Considering its feather weight it moved around with good control. It is much quieter than its replacement and can be landed consistently on a snack tray. I can now give a good review on this popular single rotor micro.  I have several coaxial toy helicopters and as reported, is quite different other than the basics. Coaxials are so stable in comparison that learning to fly the micro Blade is a bit like starting over. Simply put, imagine a pingpong ball atop a wave. The mSR is so light that it follows its own turbulence. Take your hands from the controls and if there are no objects in the radius of the washing effect the mSR will settle into a reasonably stationary hover. When maneuvering, sliding left/right or backwards produces very quick movement, even in the low rate setting. Forward locomotion is very similar to the coaxial counterpart if not slower. In other words, the mSR in the low rate is still quite quick and nimble and if not prepared, will get into trouble in all directions but forward. What is perhaps the least desirable aspect of the mSR is the way it launches. Unlike a coaxial, it will not rise straight up. Invariably, it moves a distance left or right. My guess is that it again is being buffeted by its own turbulence. The heavier coaxials with counter rotating blades that act as stabilizing gyros and the overall weight produces mass to overcome this. Perhaps that is the reason the demos show the mSR being launched by hand. You need to forget how easy the coaxial helicopters are to fly and resolve to deal with a new learning curve if you are to enjoy this little humming bird.  I have experienced the beginnings of coordinating a sideways slide with a turn to produce a nose down pitch and turn pirouette style maneuver. This is completely different from any coaxial capability and of course very rewarding and addictive. This I suppose is the definition of the 3D maneuvering capabilities and what draws someone into the more expensive 3 dimensional helicopters. At any rate, this is what has happened to me. My five star rating ignores the relative crudeness and focuses on the value and gratitude to E-flite for offering such an affordable, effective and durable product for the transition. The mSR endures crashes simply because it weighs next to nothing. It is like crashing a feather. Had I rated the mSR on my first experience it would be one or at best two stars. I was unlucky to have gotten a faulty first unit. Now I'm a die hard fan. The simple MLP4DSM control is an excellent value and can be used on their other Bind N Fly helicopters. My eye is now on the 120 SR; a heavier / larger helicopter that can be flown inside and out and has all the same function of its little sibling.  The fit and form of the mSR isn't impressive because it is all business and ignores the coaxial bling race. It has one blue LED to let you know it is active. The canopy is at minimal thickness held on with friction fasteners all made for lightness. Removing and installing the battery each time you fly isn't convenient but once again is simple practicality. The overriding aspect is that every part for the mSR can be purchased, even the screws. It has a large stable following and is THE step one can affordably take from the toy helicopter society into the 3D RC helicopter hobby. It departs radically from the stable flight characteristics of the coaxial (other than hovering) but supplants that change with very rewarding maneuvering capabilities. It is only natural to initially fly the mSR like a coaxial. The result is to complain about the inherent instability during maneuvers but once the controls become extensions of your nervous system, the bird flies from brain waves. What started out as a disappointment has turned into an addiction.
I've had Red Faction: Guerrilla (RFG) on my wish list for several months now.  It looked different than most games I play, so I decided to experiment and give it a try.  Before buying, there was the pesky matter of deciding whether to get the XBOX 360 or Windows version.  I have a fairly high end pc (Win7 64bit, i7 920@ 3.5Ghz, GTX 295 video card), so I decided to enjoy all the eye candy I could with the game.  The reviews are less than stellar for the Windows version (some mention failures to run on Win7), but I'm not scared by such talk.  I was talked into the XBOX version of GTAIV and regretted it after seeing it on Windows.  Installation was pretty straight forward and took 10 or so minutes to finish.  Upon completion of the main installation, it wanted me to install a chat client for gaming.  I went ahead and installed it since I planned to try out the multi-player features of RFG.  I haven't tried the multi-player portion yet, so I'm not sure if it is needed or not.  This was followed up my the game asking me to enter the serial number for activation (yeah, DRM stuff, but I don't care).  I entered the serial and fired up the game.  RFG uses Games for Windows Live, which is fine by me since I like trying to get the max amount of achievements I can.  I also don't mind being connected to the internet all the time because I'm not some crazy conspiracy theorist that is so paranoid of the internet that I physically unplug my cable modem when I'm not using it.  I already have GFWL installed, so I was all set there.  I fired up the game and GFWL also asked me to enter the serial number. GFWL found the latest update (from early April) and asked if I wanted to download and install it.  I accepted and closed RFG while it was downloading and installing the update.  Upon restarting of the game, I was able to start a new career and get going right away.  What ever problems they had before this patch in regards to Windows 7 64bit have been fixed.  I haven't had a single crash after 26 hrs of game play.  Gameplay is pretty straight forward and if you've played any GTA titles you will feel right at home.  Basically, you're job is to avenge your brother's death by killing all the EDF you can to liberate Mars.  This involves blowing things up, which is cool.  The perspective is in the 3rd person, which some folks don't like very much.  Control can be a little annoying when using a keyboard and mouse, so I just use my Xbox controller with this game.  So much like GTA, you have a few different styles of missions to complete.  You have primary missions, guerrilla actions (free hostages, defend site, attack site, carnage), transporter (steal vehicle and deliver to a safe house) challenges, and demolition master challenges to complete.  This gives you a nice variety of stuff to do while trucking through the campaign. The one major complaint I have about the game is there should be more walkers lying around to hijack.  They are a blast to use during assaults since you can flip cars like nothing and watch them start chain reaction explosions that send enemies and debris flying all over the place.  RFG uses the HAVOK physics engine and the GEOMOD 2 destructible environment graphics engine.  This combination results in a pretty intense and surreal experience when blowing everything up that you can get a demolition charge on.  The graphics are actually quite good...for it being on Mars.  There aren't trees everywhere, so the main eye candy in the game are the vehicles and explosions.  The vehicles are highly detailed and animated (especially the walkers).  Driving physics is very complicated and often frustrating due to the fact you can't steer when you're front tires are off the ground (duh).  Realism is where the Windows version shines.  It's very clear when watching videos from the PS3 version that they had to dummy down the physics for those ports.  The transporter help videos showed the vehicles not really bouncing around in response to the terrain.  It was very difficult to beat the Pro times for the achievements on transporter and demolition master challenges.  The downside to this technology is it clearly needs a near top of the line PC to run at near 60 frames per second.  My PC was a perfect match for this game, providing consistent 55-60 fps throughout game play.  One feature I thought was cheesy was the low quality cut screen and mission briefing videos.  These looked like they came from a computer game from 1998.  Overall, I was very happy with RFG.  It is probably one of the most addicting games I've every played.  It can be very repetitive, but what game isn't?  If you like blowing stuff up, then you won't be disappointed with Red Faction: Guerilla.
Controller works fantastically. While the joystick placement may seem a bit off at first, I've grown quite accustomed to them and actually like the design.  The controller is very light, and gets an insane amount of battery life. Hooked up to my PC via a bluetooth adapter I'm ranging anywhere from 40-50 hours on a single charge cycle, which is absolutely amazing. Make sure to use the Toshiba bluetooth stack.  The controller I purchased here is absolutely authentic, and simply the Japanese release of the controller. After viewing youtube and japanese search engines I'm content to say that this is the real deal and not a counterfeit.  Also, one of the most important things for me as someone who plays 2d platformers is the d-pad. The d-pad here is excellent, and very faithful to classic Nintendo fashion.  Easily one of the better wireless controllers on the market. I almost forgot to mention: The triggers here are digital, and not analog. I've grown absolutely frustrated with analog triggers due to their uselessness outside of racing games. Nintendo doesn't include them, and it makes the controller that much better - The triggers here do what I want, which is a quick, simple command engagement. I wish other companies would do this, or at least make it an option when purchasing additional controllers. I am not alone in wanting digital triggers - In most games analog triggers simply seem to get in the way more than anything else.
Amazon has this listed as a game instead of an accessory, and that's a shame since it is a great accessory.  I tried a couple of the cheaper screen protectors you can pick up anywhere, and they all left much to be desired. I came across a review for one of these and it looked better than the others so I ordered one. I'm glad I did. The Hori filter is easily the best one I have ever seen.  It is thicker than other brands, which makes it much easier to apply cleanly. With some of the others it is just about impossible to get it on there cleanly and one particle of dust makes a rather large bubble under the filter. The Hori filter is thick enough to re-apply more than once so if a mote of dust gets in there you can peel it back and use a bit of tape to pull the dust off. You can then press the filter back down with no problems. I wouldn't recommend trying the tape trick on those cheaper and thinner screen protectors. You will mangle them.  Also, since the Hori screen filter is thicker, it protects better. If you get it on there right after getting a PSP, it will remain scratch free indefinitely. I have used three of these so far. Not because they needed to be replaced, but because I put a new silver faceplate on my first PSP, and then later I got a Ceramic White PSP. In both cases, I made sure I had a Hori filter ready to go. When I get one of those gold PSPs I will make sure I have another one ready to install.
I bought this as a child-friendly answer to the wii fit. My kids are younger and had a difficult time with the Wii fit because they weigh so little.  This is much easier for them to use and the games are fun, but the mat is frustrating. It may be easier with older kids (mine are preschool age). The main problem is that you can select items in the navigation with the wii remote, or the mat. Well when a young child finished an exciting game where they are doing a lot of jumping, they continue jumping. So the selection on the menu would change, or the kids would accidentally jump on the '+' on the mat, accepting the choice on the screen.  This also happened during the course of the games. The kids got so excited they couldn't run in place, and would step forward on the controller buttons and pause the game.  Being able to stay on the correct spots is a big issue. The kids look at the screen, not at the floor, so it is very easy for them to move from the correct space, especially in games that require jumping.  There are a few advantages over the Wii Fit (although I still wouldn't trade mine for the world!). This mat works well with smaller children because it registers their weight better. It also allows you to specify if the player is an adult or child. And, it is much easier to go back to the beginning to switch players. And there are many two player games, both competitive and teamwork games. Most Wii Fit games are one player.
A very nicely balanced game which goes beyond the previous titles by adding elements that add interesting diversity in game play.  The previous titles had such incredibly rendered versions of historical cities and even opportunities for a bit of education while you play. And while I did enjoy playing them for a time, they got a bit (dare I say it) boring over time. While initially interesting, the missions became too similar. And no matter how historically accurate and interesting the building, climbing up my 30th ancient edifice only to dive into yet another cart of hay from an improbable height and after assassinating my 99th bad guy from the safety of said concealment, I wanted to move on.  Black Flag adds a lot of interesting elements that eliminate the boredom factor. Sailing around the world engaging in naval battles is an entirely new and welcome addition. And if and when this ever becomes a bit dull, there are plenty of cities, towns and jungle settings to explore and, yep, people to assassinate. Combat is much improved as well. While I really enjoy the stealth aspect of the game, it's nice to occasionally attack adversaries head on. In previous games you'd quickly become overwhelmed with more than a few and combat was a bit difficult to master. This game stays true to its swashbuckling pirate nature by allowing you to run into a hoard of enemy sailors and hold your own while waiting for the rest of your crew to come to your aid. But you will become overwhelmed eventually (as you should) but you can choose stealth or a more direct assault as it fits the situation. In addition, there are other entirely new aspects to the game like crafting that actually means something, hunting, and underwater expeditions. And the ocean feels alive! The occasional storm pops up along with devastating water spouts (which incidentally scare the bejeesus out of me :) and tsunamis which are pretty frightening themselves. And the story itself is entertaining and actually seems to go somewhere.  There are a few minuses that don't detract significantly from the game - Examples include the inevitable stalk / listen in on a conversation missions (annoying as all heck) and those times when you get pulled out of the animus back into the real world for a tack-on story that you're absolutely not interested in. (Is it just me that would rather stay in the assassin world and never go back to the real world? Is the entire idea of the animus kind of a pointless complexity? Yeah, maybe it's just me.) Fortunately, though, you do get to stay within the story for the vast majority of the time in this one.  Overall, great addition to the franchise and a huge step forward.
Okay so honeslty I have not had this for very long and I am already in love with it. This is my first experience with a mechanical keyboard other than messing ones on display in stores and after messing with the keys on a display model I decided to buy this and I am very happy with my decision. First off I am used to the plain old $25 membrane keyboard that you can go pick up at Walmart and use with ease but after using this, it will be hard to go back. Yes it is that good.  Pros: For the pros I am looking at the over all performance of the keyboard and aesthetics. I like how the keys feel when pressed. Again since I am used to membrane it I used to mashing the keys all the way to the bottom but with this I do not have to as I hear a pleasing click with each key press(my sister says it sounds smarter an more professional). Next is the LED's. I have read a lot of reviews that say the LED's can go bad and I hope that does not happen but form what I am seeing they are phenomenal and I love how I can change the brightness and the gaming setting that only lights up numbers 1-6 and the WASD keys. Since I am a gamer that is very helpful. The next thing on my list of pro's are the multimedia function keys, they are better than my previous keyboard that even though it did have them, they were nowhere near as decent feeling as these. Now onto the construction of the board. It is made from aluminum and weighs slightly less than my laptop (6.1 lbs). It feels very sturdy unlike a Razer keyboard I used to own and the added palm rest is very natural feeling and comfortable.  Cons: Honestly I can't think of any at the moment, Corsair is a such a trustworthy brand that I trust it will have very few issues.  Other: A few things that should be noted about this product are as follows: The palm rest while comfortable, is made of plastic. It feels very durable but other than that I am not sure about how long it will last but I will update this review if and when needed. The next thing to be aware of is the USB dongle that powers it. Unlike most keyboards that I am familiar with this one needs two USB ports to operate it, not one. So be prepared to give up an extra port for an awesome product.  With this I leave the rest up to the purchasers who might read this review and the countless others and decide on their own which keyboard to buy(this one). I will recommend this to any professional writer or anyone that games.
